word,definition
aah,Used to express pleasure or joy.
aal,The Indian mulberry or Noni.
aas,an outer garment made from aba cloth.
aba,A fabric woven of the hair of camels or goats.
abo,a member of a race of people living in Australia when Europeans arrived
abs,absolute temperature
aby,atone for, make amends for.
ace,A single spot or pip on a playing card.
act,The process of doing or performing something.
add,To combine to form a sum.
ado,Bustle; fuss; trouble; bother.
ads,Plural form of ad.
adz,An axlike tool with a curved blade, used for shaping wood.
aff,Off.
aft,Toward the stern of a vessel.
aga,title for a civil or military leader, especially in Turkey.
age,Duration of life. 
ago,Gone by; past. 
ags,Plural form of ag, agriculture.
aha,Used to express surprise.
ahi,the yellowfin tuna
ahs,Plural form of ah.
aid,To help.
ail,To feel ill or have pain.
aim,To direct a weapon toward a target.
ain,Scots   Own.
air,What's all around us.
ais,Plural form of ai.
ait,British   A small island.
aji,A type of chili pepper.
ala,A wing or winglike structure or part.
alb,A robe worn by a priest at Mass.
ale,A type of beer.
all,The entire or total amount.
alp,A high mountain.
als,Also.
alt,Pitched in the first octave above the treble staff; high.
ama,Alternative spelling of amah.
ami,A friend.
amp,An ampere.
amu,atomic mass unit
ana,A collection of materials that reflect the character of a person or place. 
and,In addition to; as well as.
ane,Scots   One.
ani,tropical American bird, related to the cuckoo.
ant,an insect
any,One, some, every, or all without specification. 
ape,a primate
apo,In an inactive, unbound state
app,A computer application.
apt,Exactly suitable; appropriate:  an apt reply. 
arb,An arbitrageur.
arc,Something shaped like a curve or arch:  the vivid arc of a rainbow. 
are,form of 'to be'.
arf,a dog's bark.
ark,Bible   The chest containing the Ten Commandments.
arm,An upper limb of the human body.
ars,Plural form of ar.
art,Human effort to imitate, supplement, alter, or counteract the work of nature.
ash,The powder left when something is burned.
ask,To put a question to. 
asp,a type of snake.
ass,a donkey.
ate,Past tense of eat.
att,1/100th of a Lao kip (currency).
auk,A Northern diving sea bird.
ava,Alternative form of kava.
ave,A greeting or farewell.
avo,A monetary unit of Macao.
awa,A Scotch form of away.
awe,A mixed emotion of reverence, respect, dread, and wonder.
awl,A pointed tool for making holes, as in wood or leather.
awn,A slender, bristlelike appendage found on the spikelets of many grasses.
axe,Variant of ax.
aye,An affirmative vote.
ays,ayes, affirmative votes.
azo,Containing a nitrogen group, especially N=N.
baa,To make a bleating sound, as a sheep or goat.
bad,Not achieving an adequate standard.
bag,A container for carrying or storing items.
bah,Used to express impatient rejection or contempt.
bal,a balmoral.
bam,Representing a loud noise or heavy impact.
ban,To prohibit.
bap,A soft bread roll, originally from Scotland.
bar,A  piece of solid material.
bas,Plural form of ba, the Egyptian immortal soul.
bat,A stout wooden stick; a cudgel.
bay,A body of water partially enclosed by land but with a wide mouth. 
bed,A piece of furniture for sleeping.
bee,A winged, hairy-bodied, usually stinging insect.
beg,To ask for as charity.
bel,Ten decibels.
ben,The inner room or parlor of a house with two rooms.
bes,Third-person singular simple present indicative form of be.
bet,A wager.
bey,A provincial governor in the Ottoman Empire.
bib,A piece of cloth worn to protect the clothing while eating.
bid,To issue a command to.
big,Large.
bin,A container or enclosed space for storage.
bio,Informal   A biography.
bis,Music   Again; twice. Used as a direction to repeat a passage.
bit,A small portion, degree, or amount:  a bit of lint; a bit of luck. 
biz,Informal   Business.
boa,A type of snake that suffocates its prey.
bob,To hit lightly and quickly; tap.
bod,Slang   The physical human body.
bog,A swampy area mostly of sphagnum moss and peat.
boo,A sound uttered to show contempt, scorn, or disapproval.
bop,To hit or strike.
bos,A genus containing the oxen, or cattle.
bot,The parasitic larva of a botfly.
bow,Nautical   The front of a ship or boat.
box,A container.
boy,A male child.
bra,A brassiere.
bro,Slang   A brother.
brr,An expression used to express being cold.
bub,Slang   A term of familiar address, especially for a man or boy. 
bud,Botany   A small protuberance on a stem or branch.
bug,A true bug.
bum,A tramp; a vagrant.
bun,A small bread roll.
bur,A rough prickly husk surrounding the seeds of some plants.
bus,A long motor vehicle for carrying passengers.
but,On the contrary. 
buy,To purchase..
bye,A secondary matter.
bys,Plural form of by.
cab,A taxicab.
cad,A man whose behavior is dishonorable.
caf,cafeteria.
cal,calorie
cam,An eccentric wheel mounted on a rotating shaft.
can,Used to indicate ability. 
cap,A usually soft and close-fitting head covering.
car,An automobile.
cat,A kitty.
caw,The sound that is characteristic of a crow or similar bird.
cay,A small, low island composed largely of coral or sand.
cee,The letter c.
cel,A piece of celluloid on which has been drawn a frame of an animated film.
cep,Cepe, a large mushroom.
chi,The 22nd letter of the Greek alphabet.
cig,cigarette
cis,Having two mutations on two genes on the same chromosome of a homologous pair.
cob,A corncob. 
cod,A type of fish.
cog,One of a series of teeth, as on the rim of a wheel or gear.
col,A pass between two mountain peaks.
con,In opposition or disagreement. 
coo,To utter the murmuring sound of a dove or pigeon or a sound resembling it.
cop,Informal   A police officer.
cor,A Hebrew measure of capacity; a core or homer.
cos,A variety of lettuce.
cot,A narrow bed.
cow,The mature female cattle.
cox,A coxswain.
coy,Tending to avoid people and social situations; reserved.
coz,Informal   A cousin.
cru,A vineyard or wine-producing region in France.
cry,To sob or weep.
cub,A young bear, wolf, or lion.
cud,Food regurgitated from the first stomach to the mouth of a ruminant and chewed again.
cue,A rod used to strike the cue ball in billiards.
cum,Together with. 
cup,A small open container used for drinking.
cur,A dog considered to be inferior or undesirable; a mongrel.
cut,To penetrate with a sharp edge; strike a narrow opening in.
cuz,because
cwm,A cirque, a deep, steep-walled basin on a mountain.
dab,To apply with short poking strokes.
dad,Informal   A father.
dag,A lock of matted or dung-coated wool.
dah,A dash in radio and telegraph code.
dak,A post system by means of transport relays of horses.
dal,Variant of dahl.
dam,A barrier to control the flow of water.
dan,A level of black belt in martial arts.
dap,To fish by letting a baited hook fall gently onto the water.
das,A decasecond, 10 seconds.
daw,A jackdaw.
day,The period of light between dawn and nightfall.
deb,A debutante.
dee,The letter d.
def,Slang   Excellent; first-rate.
del,The symbol for the gradient operator.
den,The shelter of a wild animal.
dep,deposit
dev,developer
dew,Water condensed from the air, usually at night.
dex,Slang   Dextroamphetamine.
dey,The governor of Algiers before the French conquest in 1830.
dib,to dig a hole by poking
did,Past tense of do.
die,To cease living.
dif,difference
dig,To remove earth or sand, as with a shovel.
dim,Lacking in brightness. 
din,A jumble of loud, usually discordant sounds.
dip,To plunge briefly into a liquid.
dis,To show disrespect to.
dit,The dot in radio and telegraph code.
doc,A physician, dentist, or veterinarian.
doe,The female of a deer or related animal.
dog,A puppy.
doh,An anglicised spelling of do, a tone of the scale.
dol,The unit of measurement for pain
dom,A dominator (in S&M), especially a male one.
don,Courtesy title for a man in a Spanish-speaking area.
dor,A large European dung beetle.
dos,Plural form of do.
dot,A tiny round mark made by or as if by a pointed instrument; a spot.
dow,To be worth.
dry,Free from liquid or moisture. 
dub,To tap lightly on the shoulder by way of conferring knighthood.
dud,A bomb, shell, or explosive round that fails to detonate.
due,Payable immediately or on demand.
dug,An udder, breast, or teat of a female animal.
duh,Used to express disdain for something deemed stupid or obvious.
dui,Plural form of duo.
dum,Syllable used when humming a tune.
dun,To ask a debtor for payment. 
duo,Music   A duet.
dup,to open (a door, gate etc.)
dye,A substance used to color materials..
ear,The organ of hearing.
eat,To take into the body by the mouth for digestion.
eau,Water.
ebb,Ebb tide.
eco,Environmentally friendly or sensitive.
ecu,The European Currency Unit, a pre-euro currency.
edh,eth; A letter appearing in Old English/Saxon/Norse, and modern Icelandic.
eds,a system to detect plastic explosives in luggage using X-rays
eek,Representing a scream or shriek.
eel,A long, snakelike, scaleless marine or freshwater fish.
eew,Alternative spelling of ew.
eff,Fuck.
efs,Plural form of ef., the name of the letter F.
eft,An immature newt.
egg,A female gamete.
ego,The self, especially as distinct from the world and other selves.
eke,To supplement with great effort.
eld,One's age.
elf,A small creature considered to have magical powers.
elk,A large deer.
ell,A wing of a building at right angles to the main structure.
elm,A type of tree.
els,Plural form of el.
eme,An uncle.
emo,A particular style of hardcore punk rock
ems,Plural form of em.
emu,A large, flightless Australian bird.
end,Either extremity of something that has length. 
eng,The "ng" letter, used in the IPA, Saami, Mende, and others.
ens,Plural form of en.
eon,An indefinitely long period of time.
era,A period of time.
ere,Previous to; before.
erg,The centimeter-gram-second unit of energy.
ern,Alternative spelling of erne.
err,To make an error or a mistake.
ers,Third-person singular simple present indicative form of er.
ess,The letter s.
est,Abbreviation of established.
eta,The seventh letter of the Greek alphabet.
eth,Variant of edh.
eve,The evening or day preceding a special day, such as a holiday.
ewe,A female sheep, especially when full grown.
eye,An organ of vision or of light sensitivity.
fab,Informal   Fabrication:  building a shed of metal fab. 
fad,A fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time; a craze.
fag,A British student who has to perform menial tasks for an older student.
fah,An anglicised spelling of fa.
fan,A device for creating a current of air or a breeze.
far,To, from, or at considerable distance. 
fas,Plural form of fa.
fat,The ester of glycerol and one, two, or three fatty acids.
fax,A fax machine.
fay,To join or fit closely or tightly.
fed,Past tense and past participle of feed.
fee,A fixed sum charged. 
feh,An expression of disgust.
fem,An effeminate or homosexual man.
fen,Low, flat, swampy land; a bog or marsh.
fer,Eye dialect spelling of for.
fes,Plural form of fe, a Hebrew letter.
fet,To fetch.
feu,Land held in feudal tenure.
few,A small number. 
fey,Having a fairylike aspect or quality.
fez,A man's felt cap in the shape of a flat-topped cone.
fib,An insignificant or childish lie.
fid,Nautical   A square bar used as a support for a topmast.
fie,Used to express distaste or disapproval.
fig,A type of tree cultivated for its edible multiple fruit.
fil,A Nordic dairy product, similar to yoghurt.
fin,What a fish uses to swim.
fir,A type of evergreen tree.
fit,To be the proper size and shape for. 
fix,To place securely.
fiz,Fizz.
flu,Influenza.
fly,To engage in flight
fob,A small pocket used to hold a watch.
foe,A personal enemy.
fog,Condensed water vapor close to the ground and limiting visibility.
foh,An exclamation of contempt.
fon,A fool or idiot.
foo,Represents an unspecified entity.
fop,A dandy.
for,Used to indicate the object of something. 
fou,Crazy.
fox,An animal.
foy,Scots   A farewell feast, drink, or gift.
fro,Away; back. 
fry,To cook over direct heat in hot oil or fat.
fub,A plump young person.
fud,Alternative capitalization of FUD
fug,A heavy, stale atmosphere.
fun,A source of enjoyment.
fur,The thick coat of soft hair covering the skin of a mammal.
gab,To talk idly or incessantly.
gad,To move about restlessly.
gae,to go.
gag,Something forced into the mouth to prevent speaking.
gal,A girl.
gam,A social visit, especially between whalers or seafarers.
gan,Simple past of gin.
gap,An opening in a structure or surface. 
gar,A type of fish.
gas,A state of matter.
gat,A narrow passage extending inland from a shore; a channel.
gay,Having a sexual orientation to persons of the same sex.
ged,The European pike.
gee,The letter g.
gel,A colloid such as a jelly.
gem,A mineral that has been cut for use as an ornament.
gen,gender
get,To receive.
gey,Very.
ghi,Ghee.
gib,A piece of wood or metal designed to hold parts of a machine in place.
gid,A disease of herbivores, especially sheep, resulting in a staggering gait.
gie,Scots   Variant of give.
gif,GIF
gig,A light, two-wheeled carriage drawn by one horse.
gin,A type of alcoholic beverage.
gip,Slang   Gyp.
gis,Jizz.
git,Chiefly U.S.   Variant of get.
gnu,A type of African antelope, also called wildebeest.
goa,A Tibetan gazelle.
gob,A small mass or lump.
god,The principal object of faith and worship in monotheistic religions.
goo,Informal   A sticky wet viscous substance.
gor,An unfledged bird.
gos,A Middle English form of goose.
got,Past tense and a past participle of get.
gox,GOX, gaseous oxygen, as differentiated from LOX (liquid oxygen)
goy,Offensive   Used as a disparaging term for one who is not a Jew.
grr,A growl of anger or disappointment.
gul,A stylized octagonal motif in Oriental rugs.
gum,A viscous substance exuded by certain plants and trees.
gun,A weapon from which a projectile is fired at high velocity.
gut,The intestine or stomach.
guv,A form of address, an informal form of sir.
guy,A rope used to steady, guide, or secure something.
gym,A gymnasium.
gyp,To cheat or swindle.
had,Past tense of have.
hae,Scots   To have.
hag,An old woman considered ugly or frightful.
hah,Variant of ha.
haj,Islam   A pilgrimage to Mecca.
ham,The thigh of the hind leg of a hog.
hao,A monetary unit of Vietnam.
hap,Fortune; chance.
has,Form of have.
hat,A covering for the head.
haw,An utterance used by a speaker who is fumbling for words.
hay,Grass cut and dried for fodder.
heh,Weak amusement or boredom.
hem,An edge or border on a piece of cloth.
hen,A female chicken.
hep,Slang   Variant of hip.
her,She. 
hes,Plural form of he.
het,Heterosexual.
hew,To make with an ax.
hex,A curse.
hey,Used to attract attention.
hic,The sound of a hiccup.
hid,Past tense of hide.
hie,To go quickly.
him,He. 
hin,A unit of liquid measure used by the ancient Hebrews, about 5L.
hip,The pelvis from the waist to the thigh.
his,possessive of "he"
hit,To strike. 
hmm,Indicating thinking.
hob,A shelf at the back of a fireplace for keeping food warm.
hod,A trough carried over the shoulder for transporting loads.
hoe,A gardening tool.
hog,A pig.
hom,A sacred plant of the ancient Persians.
hon,Honey, sweetheart.
hoo,how
hop,To move with light bounding skips or leaps.
hos,Plural form of ho.
hot,Having or giving off heat.
how,In what manner or way.
hoy,A small sloop-rigged coasting ship.
hub,The center part of a wheel.
hue,Color.
hug,To embrace.
huh,Used to express interrogation or surprise.
hum,To emit a continuous low droning sound.
hun,Affectionate abbreviation of honey.
hup,The first beat of a 4/4 military cadence.
hut,A shack.
hyp,hypnotism; hypnotist
ice,Water frozen solid.
ich,A contagious disease of tropical fishes.
ick,An exclamation of disgust
icy,Containing or covered with ice. 
ids,Plural form of id.
iff,if and only if
ifs,Plural form of if.
igg,To ignore or snub.
ilk,Type or kind. 
ill,Not healthy; sick. 
imp,A mischievous child.
ink,A pigmented liquid for writing or printing.
inn,A hotel.
ins,Plural form of in.
ion,An atom with a net electric charge.
ire,Anger; wrath.
irk,To be irritating to.
ism,Informal A distinctive doctrine, system, or theory.
its,Possessive of "it". 
ivy,A climbing or trailing evergreen plant.
jab,To poke or thrust abruptly.
jag,A sharp projection; a barb.
jam,To drive or wedge forcibly into a tight position. 
jar,A cylindrical vessel with a wide mouth.
jaw,Either of two structures that form the mouth and hold the teeth.
jay,The letter j.
jee,Variant of gee.
jet,A dense black coal used for jewelry.
jeu,A game.
jew,Offensive   To bargain shrewdly or unfairly with.
jib,Nautical   A triangular sail.
jig,A lively dance in triple time.
jin,Djinn.
job,A regular activity performed in exchange for payment.
joe,Informal   Brewed coffee.
jog,To move by shoving, bumping, or jerking. 
jot,The smallest bit; iota.
jow,A former unit of length in India, about 1/4"
joy,Intense happiness.
jug,A vessel with a small mouth, a handle, and usually a stopper or cap.
jun,A monetary unit of North Korea, one hundredth of a won.
jus,The juices that are a by-product of roasting meat
jut,To extend, project.
kab,Variant of cab.
kae,A bird resembling a crow.
kaf,The twenty-second letter of the Arabic alphabet.
kas,A large cupboard.
kat,Symbol for katal, an SI unit of measurement of catalytic activity.
kay,The letter k.
kea,A New Zealand parrot.
kef,Variant of kif.
keg,A small cask, about 30 gallons.
ken,Perception; understanding. 
kep,To meet.
kex,The dried stem of certain large herbaceous plants.
key,What opens a lock.
khi,Variant of chi.
kid,A young goat.
kif,Smoking material, such as Indian hemp, used especially in the Maghreb.
kin,One's relatives; family; kinfolk.
kip,To sleep.
kir,A drink consisting of champagne with cassis.
kis,Plural of ki, or qi, the Chinese vital force.
kit,A set of articles used for a specific purpose. 
koa,An acacia native to Hawaii.
kob,An orange-brown African antelope.
koi,Ornamental domesticated varieties of the common carp.
kop,Hill; mountain.
kor,A Hebrew unit of measure.
kos,an Indian unit of length.
kue,An obsolete form of cue.
kye,Plural form of cow.
lab,A laboratory.
lac,A resinous insect secretion, used in making shellac.
lad,A young man; a youth.
lag,To fail to keep up a pace; straggle.
lah,La.
lam,To beat, thrash.
lap,The front area from the waist to the knees of a seated person.
lar,A household or ancestral god in ancient Rome
las,Plural form of la.
lat,A Latvian coin and national monetary unit
lav,Lavatory.
law,A rule of conduct or procedure established by authority.
lax,Lacking in rigor.
lay,To cause to lie down. 
lea,A grassland.
led,Past tense of lead.
lee,Nautical   The side away from the wind.
leg,A limb or an appendage of an animal.
lei,A garland of flowers.
lek,A monetary unit of Albania.
les,Short form of lesbian
let,To give permission or opportunity to; allow.
leu,A monetary unit of Romania.
lev,A monetary unit of Bulgaria.
lex,Law.
ley,Variant of lea.
lez,Offensive Slang   A disparaging term for a lesbian.
lib,A movement that seeks to achieve equal rights for a group.
lid,A cover for a hollow receptacle or box.
lie,To recline. 
lin,A pool or collection of water, particularly one above or below a waterfall.
lip,Half of a mouth.
lis,A controversy; a litigation.
lit,A past tense and a past participle of light.
lob,To throw in a high arc. 
log,A large section of a fallen tree.
loo,A card game in which each player contributes stakes to a pool.
lop,To cut off a part. 
lor,A variant of lord.
lot,A large extent, amount, or number. 
low,Having little relative height.
lox,Smoked salmon.
lud,A Middle English form of loud.
lug,A handle or projection used as a hold or support.
lum,A chimney.
lun,A lee.
luv,deliberate misspelling of love
lux,A unit of illumination, equal to one lumen per square meter.
lye,The liquid obtained by leaching wood ashes.
mac,British   A mackintosh.
mad,Angry; resentful.
mae,A Scotch form of mo.
mag,Slang   A magazine. 
mam,Diminutive of mother.
man,An adult male human.
map,A representation of a region of the earth.
mar,To inflict disfiguring damage on.
mas,milliarcsecond
mat,A piece of fabric used for wiping one's shoes.
maw,The mouth of a voracious animal.
max,The maximum. 
may,To be allowed or permitted to. 
med,Informal   Medical. 
meg,Informal   A megabyte.
meh,Mediocre.
mel,honey
mem,The 13th letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
men,Plural of man.
met,Past tense and past participle of meet.
mew,A cage for hawks, especially when molting.
mho,A siemens.
mib,1024 kibibytes or 2^20 (1,048,576) bytes
mic,Informal   Variant of mike.
mid,Middle.
mig,A type of playing marble.
mil,1/1000 of an inch, used to specify the diameter of wire.
mim,affectedly modest or demure.
mir,A village community of peasant farmers in prerevolutionary Russia.
mis,Wrong; amiss.
mix,To combine or blend into one mass or mixture.
mmm,An expression used to show contentment.
moa,An extinct New Zealand bird.
mob,A large disorderly crowd or throng.
moc,A moccasin.
mod,A style of fashionable dress in England in the 1960s.
mog,A cat.
moi,Interjection, used instead of 'me?' to feign surprise when accused of something.
mol,Variant of mole.
mom,Informal   Mother.
mon,Scots   Man.
moo,To emit the deep, bellowing sound made by a cow; low.
mop,A household implement used for washing floors.
mor,A Celtic adjective, meaning 'great'.
mos,sing. of mores.
mot,A witty remark.
mow,The place in a barn where hay is stored.
mud,Wet, sticky, soft earth.
mug,A heavy drinking cup usually having a handle.
mum,Silent.
mun,Must.
mus,Plural of greek letter Mu.
mut,Mutt.
mux,To transmit several messages simultaneously along a single channel.
myc,A gene that promotes the growth of tumor cells.
nab,Informal   To seize; arrest.
nae,Scots   No.
nag,To annoy by constant scolding or urging.
nah,No.
nam,Alternate form of nim, to steal.
nan,Variant of naan.
nap,A brief sleep, often during the day.
nav,Navigation.
naw,No.
nay,No. 
neb,A beak of a bird.
nee,Used when giving the maiden name of a woman.
neg,negative
net,A fabric made of threads woven together at regular intervals.
new,Recent. 
nib,The sharpened point of a quill pen.
nil,Nothing; zero.
nim,Archaic   To steal; pilfer.
nip,To seize and pinch or bite. 
nit,The egg of a parasitic insect.
nix,A water sprite of German mythology.
nob,Slang   The human head.
nod,To briefly lower the head forward.
nog,To fill in a space in a wall with bricks.
noh,a form of classical Japanese music drama
nom,Nomination.
noo,now
nor,And not; or not. 
nos,Plural form of no.
not,In no way. 
now,At the present time. 
nth,Relating to an unspecified ordinal number. 
nub,A protuberance or knob.
nug,A piece of marijuana.
nun,A woman who belongs to a religious order.
nus,Plural form of nu, a greek letter.
nut,A type of fruit, such as an acorn or hazelnut.
oaf,A person regarded as stupid or clumsy.
oak,A type of tree.
oar,A pole with a blade at one end, used to row a boat.
oat,An edible grain.
oba,A hereditary chief or king among various peoples of Benin and Nigeria.
obe,A particular subdivision of ancient Laconia.
obi,A wide sash fastened in the back with a large flat bow, worn by women in Japan as a part of the traditional dress.
oca,A perennial plant (Oxalis tuberosa) of the high Andes, grown for its edible tubers.
och,an expression of anger, frustration, surprise
oda,room within a harem
odd,Deviating from what is ordinary, usual, or expected; strange or peculiar:  an odd name; odd behavior.
ode,A lyric poem of some length, usually of a serious or meditative nature and having an elevated style and formal stanzaic structure.
ods,Plural form of od.
oes,Plural form of o., the name of the letter O.
off,From a place or position:  drove off. 
oft,Often. Often used in combination:  his oft-expressed philosophy; oft-repeated tales. 
ohm,A unit of electrical resistance equal to that of a conductor in which a current of one ampere is produced by a potential of one volt across its terminals.
oho,Used to express surprise, comprehension, or mock astonishment.
ohs,Plural form of oh.
oik,a member of the lower classes.
oil,Any of numerous mineral, vegetable, and synthetic substances and animal and vegetable fats that are generally slippery, combustible, viscous, liquid or liquefiable at room temperatures, soluble in various organic solvents such as ether but not in water, and used in a great variety of products, especially lubricants and fuels.
oka,A unit of weight in the Ottoman Empire and certain successor states, of variable value, but generally about 1.25 kilograms (2.75 pounds).
oke,A Turkish, Egyptian, Hungarian and Wallachian unit of weight, equal to about 2 & 3/4 lbs.
old,Having lived or existed for a relatively long time; far advanced in years or life.
ole,Eye dialect spelling of old.
oma,grandmother, grandma.
oms,Plural form of om.
one,Being a single entity, unit, object, or living being.
ono,good-tasting, delicious.
ons,Plural form of on, the side of a wicket where a batsman stands in cricket.
oof,Money.
ooh,Used to express pleasure, satisfaction, surprise, or great joy.
oot,anything
opa,Command/suggestion to halt, bring to a stop.
ope,open
ops,Plural form of op.
opt,To make a choice or decision:  opted for early retirement; opted not to go. 
ora,Plural of os.
orb,A sphere or spherical object.
orc,Any of several cetaceans, especialy the grampus (Grampus griseus) of the dolphin family.
ore,A mineral or an aggregate of minerals from which a valuable constituent, especially a metal, can be profitably mined or extracted.
org,organization
ors,Plural of or, the heraldric color gold.
ort,A small scrap or leaving of food after a meal is completed. Often used in the plural.
ose,An esker, a narrow ridge of gravel or sand.
oud,A musical instrument of northern Africa and southwest Asia resembling a lute.
our,Used as a modifier before a noun:  our accomplishments; our hometown. 
out,In a direction away from the inside:  Let's go out and look at the stars. 
ova,Plural of ovum.
owe,To be indebted to the amount of:  He owes me five dollars. 
owl,Any of various often nocturnal birds of prey of the order Strigiformes, having hooked and feathered talons, large heads with short hooked beaks, large eyes set forward, and fluffy plumage that allows for almost noiseless flight.
own,Of or belonging to oneself or itself:  She makes her own clothes. 
owt,aught, anything
oxo,A substituent oxygen atom connected to another atom by a double bond
oxy,the bivalent R-O-R functional group found in ethers
pac,A moccasin or soft shoe designed to be worn inside a boot.
pad,A thin, cushionlike mass of soft material used to fill, to give shape, or to protect against jarring, scraping, or other injury.
pah,Used to express disgust or irritation.
pak,deliberate misspelling of pack
pal,A friend; a chum.
pam,The jack of clubs and highest trump in certain variations of loo.
pan,A shallow, wide, open container, usually of metal and without a lid, used for holding liquids, cooking, and other domestic purposes.
pap,Midland U.S.   A teat or nipple.
par,An amount or level considered to be average; a standard:  performing up to par; did not yet feel up to par. 
pas,A step or dance.
pat,To tap gently with the open hand or with something flat.
paw,The foot of an animal, especially a quadruped, that has claws or nails.
pax,Ecclesiastical   A small flat tablet adorned with a sacred image that worshippers kiss when offered the kiss of peace.
pay,To give money to in return for goods or services rendered:  pay the cashier. 
pea,A member of the pea family.
pec,Slang  A pectoral muscle.
ped,A pedestrian.
pee,The letter p.
peg,A small cylindrical or tapered pin, as of wood, used to fasten things or plug a hole.
peh,Pe, a Hebrew letter.
pen,An instrument for writing or drawing with ink or similar fluid, especially:
pep,Energy and high spirits; vim.
per,To, for, or by each; for every:  Gasoline once cost 40 cents per gallon. 
pes,A foot or footlike part, especially the foot of a four-footed vertebrate.
pet,An animal kept for amusement or companionship.
pew,One of the long, fixed, backed benches that are arranged in rows for the seating of a congregation in church.
phi,The 21st letter of the Greek alphabet.
pho,A Vietnamese rice noodle served in a soup often with beef.
pht,Used to signify mild annoyance or disagreement
pia,The pia mater.
pic,Slang   A photograph.
pie,A baked food composed of a pastry shell filled with fruit, meat, cheese, or other ingredients, and usually covered with a pastry crust.
pig,Any of several mammals of the family Suidae, having short legs, cloven hooves, bristly hair, and a cartilaginous snout used for digging, especially the domesticated hog, Sus scrofa domesticus, when young or of comparatively small size.
pin,A short, straight, stiff piece of wire with a blunt head and a sharp point, used especially for fastening.
pip,The small seed of a fruit, as that of an apple or orange.
pis,Plural form of pi.
pit,A natural or artificial hole or cavity in the ground.
piu,More, used as a musical direction.
pix,A plural of pic.
ply,To join together, as by molding or twisting.
pod,Botany   A dehiscent fruit of a leguminous plant such as the pea.
poh,Expressing contempt or disgust; bah.
poi,A Hawaiian food made from the tuber of the taro that is cooked, pounded to a paste, and fermented.
pol,Informal   A politician.
pom,An American alcoholic drink containing vodka and pomegranate juice.
poo,To defecate.
pop,To make a short, sharp, explosive sound.
pos,positive
pot,Any of various usually domestic containers made of pottery, metal, or glass, as:
pow,Represents the sound of a violent impact, such as a punch.
pox,A disease such as chickenpox or smallpox, characterized by purulent skin eruptions that may leave pockmarks.
pro,An argument or consideration in favor of something:  weighing the pros and cons. 
pry,To look or inquire closely, curiously, or impertinently:  was always prying into the affairs of others. 
psi,The 23rd letter of the Greek alphabet.
pst,Alternative form of psst.
pub,A place of business where alcoholic beverages are sold and drunk.
pud,pudding (either sweet or savoury)
pug,A small sturdy dog of an ancient breed originating in China, having a snub nose, wrinkled face, squarish body, short smooth hair, and curled tail.
pul,A coin of Afghanistan.
pun,A play on words, sometimes on different senses of the same word and sometimes on the similar sense or sound of different words.
pup,A young dog; a puppy.
pur,Dated form of purr (low murmuring sound as of a cat)
pus,A generally viscous, yellowish-white fluid formed in infected tissue, consisting of white blood cells, cellular debris, and necrotic tissue.
put,To place in a specified location; set:  She put the books on the table. 
pya,A copper coin of Myanmar (Burma).
pye,Archaic spelling of pie (the pastry food).
pyx,Ecclesiastical   A container in which wafers for the Eucharist are kept.
qat,Alternative form of khat.
qis,Plural form of qi.
qua,In the capacity or character of; as.
rad,An obsolete unit of energy absorbed from ionizing radiation, equal to 100 ergs per gram or 0.01 joules per kilogram of irradiated material.
rag,A scrap of cloth.
rah,Used as an exclamation of approval or encouragement.
rai,A form of popular Algerian music combining traditional Arabic vocal styles with various elements of popular Western music and featuring outspoken, often controversial lyrics.
raj,Dominion or rule, especially the British rule over India (1757-1947).
ram,A male sheep.
ran,Past tense of run.
rap,To hit sharply and swiftly; strike:  rapped the table with his fist. 
ras,An Ethiopian king or prince.
rat,Any of various long-tailed rodents resembling mice but larger, especially one of the genus Rattus.
raw,Uncooked:  raw meat. 
rax,barracks
ray,A thin line or narrow beam of light or other radiant energy.
reb,A Confederate soldier.
rec,Informal   Recreation.
red,The hue of the long-wave end of the visible spectrum, evoked in the human observer by radiant energy with wavelengths of approximately 630 to 750 nanometers; any of a group of colors that may vary in lightness and saturation and whose hue resembles that of blood; one of the additive or light primaries; one of the psychological primary hues.
ree,Wild; fierce; outrageous; overexcited; frenzied; delirious; crazy.
ref,Informal   A referee.
reg,A hard surface of rock fragments set in a sandy matrix, found in some hot deserts.
rei,An old Portuguese money of account.
rem,The amount of ionizing radiation required to produce the same biological effect as one rad of high-penetration x-rays.
rep,A ribbed or corded fabric of various materials, such as cotton, wool, or silk.
res,short form of Indian reserve or reservation
ret,To moisten or soak (flax, for example) in order to soften and separate the fibers by partial rotting.
rev,A revolution, as of a motor.
rex,An animal which has a genetic recessive variation that causes the guard hairs to be very short or fully lacking.
rez,short form of Indian reservation
rho,The 17th letter of the Greek alphabet.
ria,A submergent coastal landform, often known as a drowned river valley
rib,Anatomy   One of a series of long curved bones occurring in 12 pairs in humans and extending from the spine to or toward the sternum.
rid,To free from:  He was finally able to rid himself of all financial worries. 
rif,To dismiss from employment.
rig,To provide with a harness or equipment; fit out.
rim,The usually curved or circular border or edge of an object.
rin,An obsolete or Scotch variant of run.
rip,To cut, tear apart, or tear away roughly or energetically.
rob,Law   To take property from (a person) illegally by using or threatening to use violence or force; commit robbery upon.
roc,A mythical bird of prey having enormous size and strength.
rod,A thin straight piece or bar of material, such as metal or wood, often having a particular function or use, as:
roe,The eggs or the egg-laden ovary of a fish.
rom,A Gipsy; a Romany.
roo,Peace; quietness.
rot,To undergo decomposition, especially organic decomposition; decay.
row,A series of objects placed next to each other, usually in a straight line.
rub,To apply pressure and friction to (a surface).
rue,To feel regret, remorse, or sorrow for.
rug,A heavy fabric used to cover a floor.
rum,An alcoholic liquor distilled from fermented molasses or sugar cane.
run,To move swiftly on foot so that both feet leave the ground during each stride.
rut,A sunken track or groove made by the passage of vehicles.
rya,A handwoven Scandinavian rug with a thick pile and usually colorful abstract designs.
rye,A cereal grass (Secale cereale) widely cultivated for its grain.
ryu,A school of Japanese martial arts.
sab,To sob.
sac,A pouch or pouchlike structure in a plant or an animal, sometimes filled with fluid.
sad,Affected or characterized by sorrow or unhappiness.
sae,A dialectal (Scotch) form of so.
sag,To sink, droop, or settle from pressure or weight.
sal,Salt.
san,Used as a courtesy title in Japanese-speaking areas as a suffix to the given name, surname, or title of the person being addressed, regardless of age or gender:  Yamamoto san; sensei-san. 
sap,The watery fluid that circulates through a plant, carrying food and other substances to the various tissues.
sat,Past tense and past participle of sit.
sau,Xu, a monetary unit of Vietnam.
saw,Any of various tools, either hand-operated or power-driven, having a thin metal blade or disk with a sharp, usually toothed edge, used for cutting wood, metal, or other hard materials.
sax,A saxophone.
say,To utter aloud; pronounce.
sea,The continuous body of salt water covering most of the earth's surface, especially this body regarded as a geophysical entity distinct from earth and sky.
sec,Dry. Used of wines, especially champagne.
see,To perceive with the eye.
seg,A man; warrior; hero.
sei,A sei whale.
sel,A Middle English form of seel.
sen,A monetary unit of Japan.
ser,serial
set,To put in a specified position; place. 
sev,An Indian food of deep-fried strands of flour.
sew,To make, repair, or fasten by stitching, as with a needle and thread or a sewing machine:  sew a dress; sew on a button. 
sex,The property or quality by which organisms are classified as female or male on the basis of their reproductive organs and functions.
sez,Third-person singular simple present indicative form of say. Says.
sha,A very light, thin silken material made in China; silk gauze.
she,Used to refer to the woman or girl previously mentioned or implied.
shh,Requesting silence. Asking people to keep silent.
sho,nonstandard spelling of sure, based on dialectal pronunciation
shy,Easily startled; timid.
sib,A blood relation; a relative.
sic,Thus; so. Used to indicate that a quoted passage, especially one containing an error or unconventional spelling, has been retained in its original form or written intentionally.
sig,Shortened form of signature, usually when used as a digital signature on emails.
sim,A simulation.
sin,A transgression of a religious or moral law, especially when deliberate.
sip,To drink in small quantities.
sir,Used as an honorific before the given name or the full name of baronets and knights.
sis,Informal   Sister.
sit,To rest with the torso vertical and the body supported on the buttocks.
six,The cardinal number equal to 5 + 1.
ska,Popular music originating in Jamaica in the 1960s, having elements of rhythm and blues, jazz, and calypso and marked by a fast tempo and a strongly accented offbeat.
ski,One of a pair of long flat runners of plastic, metal, or wood that curve upward in front and may be attached to a boot for gliding or traveling over snow.
sky,The expanse of air over any given point on the earth; the upper atmosphere as seen from the earth's surface.
sly,Clever or cunning, especially in the practice of deceit.
sob,To weep aloud with convulsive gasping; cry uncontrollably.
soc,Sociology or social science
sod,A section of grass-covered surface soil held together by matted roots; turf.
soh,An anglicised spelling of so.
sol,Music   The fifth tone of the diatonic scale in solfeggio.
som,A monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan.
son,One's male child.
sop,To dip, soak, or drench in a liquid; saturate.
sos,Plural form of so, a note of the diatonic musical scale.
sot,A drunkard.
sou,One of several coins formerly used in France, worth a small amount.
sow,To scatter (seed) over the ground for growing.
sox,A plural of sock.
soy,The soybean.
spa,A resort providing therapeutic baths.
spy,An agent employed by a state to obtain secret information, especially of a military nature, concerning its potential or actual enemies.
sri,Mister, sir; used as a Hindu title of respect.
sty,An enclosure for swine.
sub,Informal   Submarine.
sue,Law   To petition (a court) for redress of grievances or recovery of a right.
suk,Alternative spelling of souq.
sum,Mathematics   An amount obtained as a result of adding numbers.
sun,A star that is the basis of the solar system and that sustains life on Earth, being the source of heat and light. It has a mean distance from Earth of about 150 million kilometers (93 million miles) a diameter of approximately 1,390,000 kilometers (864,000 miles) and a mass about 330,000 times that of Earth.
sup,To eat or drink (something) or engage in eating or drinking by taking small swallows or mouthfuls:  supped the hot soup; supped away daintily. 
suq,Variant of souk.
sus,To suss; figure or check out.
syn,Describing a torsion angle between 0 and 90 degrees.
tab,A projection, flap, or short strip attached to an object to facilitate opening, handling, or identification.
tad,Informal   A small boy.
tae,A Scotch form of to.
tag,A strip of leather, paper, metal, or plastic attached to something or hung from a wearer's neck to identify, classify, or label:  sale tags on all coats and dresses. 
taj,A tall conical cap worn by Muslims as a headdress of distinction.
tam,A tam-o'-shanter.
tan,To convert (hide) into leather, as by treating with tannin.
tao,The essential principle underlying existence; ultimate reality.
tap,To strike gently with a light blow or blows:  I tapped you on the shoulder to get your attention. 
tar,A dark, oily, viscous material, consisting mainly of hydrocarbons, produced by the destructive distillation of organic substances such as wood, coal, or peat.
tas,Alternative spelling of tass.
tat,To do tatting or produce (something) by tatting.
tau,The 19th letter of the Greek alphabet.
tav,The 23rd letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
taw,To convert (skin) into white leather by mineral tanning, as with alum and salt.
tax,A contribution for the support of a government required of persons, groups, or businesses within the domain of that government.
tea,An eastern Asian evergreen shrub or small tree (Camellia sinensis) having fragrant, nodding, cup-shaped white flowers and glossy leaves.
tec,A detective.
ted,Chiefly New England   To strew or spread (newly mown grass, for example) for drying.
tee,The letter t.
teg,A sheep in its second year or before its first shearing.
tel,telegraph
ten,The cardinal number equal to 9 + 1.
tes,ti.
tet,teth, a Hebrew letter.
tew,A rope or chain for towing a boat.
the,Used before singular or plural nouns and noun phrases that denote particular, specified persons or things:  the baby; the dress I wore. 
tho,Informal   Though.
thy,Used as a modifier before a noun.
tic,A habitual spasmodic muscular movement or contraction, usually of the face or extremities.
tie,To fasten or secure with or as if with a cord, rope, or strap:  tied the kite to a post; tie up a bundle. 
til,The sesame plant.
tin,A malleable, silvery metallic element obtained chiefly from cassiterite.
tip,The end of a pointed or projecting object.
tis,plural of ti, the seventh tone of the diatonic musical scale.
tit,A titmouse.
tix,Tickets.
tiz,Tizzy, a state of nervous confusion.
tod,Chiefly British   A unit of weight for wool, especially one equivalent to about 28 pounds (12.7 kilograms).
toe,One of the digits of a vertebrate.
tog,Clothes:  gardening togs. 
tom,The male of various animals, especially a male cat or turkey.
ton,A unit of weight equal to 2,000 pounds (0.907 metric ton or 907.18 kilograms). Also called net ton, short ton.
too,In addition; also:  He's coming along too. 
top,The uppermost part, point, surface, or end.
tor,A high rock or pile of rocks on the top of a hill.
tot,A small child.
tow,To draw or pull behind by a chain or line:  a tugboat towing a barge.
toy,An object for children to play with.
try,To make an effort to do or accomplish (something); attempt:  tried to ski. 
tsk,Used to express disappointment or sympathy.
tub,An open, flat-bottomed vessel, usually round and typically wider than it is deep, used for washing, packing, or storing.
tug,To pull at vigorously or repeatedly.
tui,A honeyeater (Prosthemadera novaeseelandiae) of New Zealand, having dark plumage with white feathers on the throat. Also called parson bird.
tum,shortened form of tummy
tun,A large cask for liquids, especially wine.
tup,Chiefly British   A male sheep; a ram.
tut,to utter an exclamation of impatience
tux,Informal   A tuxedo.
twa,Scots   Two.
two,The cardinal number equal to the sum of 1 + 1.
tye,a knot
udo,A perennial Japanese plant (Aralia cordata) having bipinnately compound leaves and young shoots that are cooked and eaten as a vegetable.
ugh,Used to express horror, disgust, or repugnance.
uke,Informal   A ukulele.
ulu,A kind of semilunar knife used by Eskimo women.
umm,Interjection implying hesitation
ump,An umpire.
ums,plural of um, to hesitate or pause in speaking.
uni,uniform or university.
uns,plural of un, one.
upo,upon.
ups,Plural form of up.
urb,an urban area.
urd,In Scand. myth., one of the three Fates, the Norn of the past.
urn,A vase of varying size and shape, usually having a footed base or pedestal.
urp,Mississippi River Delta   To vomit.
use,To put into service or apply for a purpose; employ.
uta,any of a genus of large lizards.
ute,A small vehicle based on the same platform as a family car but with a unibody construction and a built-in open tray area for carrying goods; similar but not identical to a pick-up truck.
uts,plural of ut, the musical tone C in the French solmization system now replaced by do.
vac,Informal   A vacuum cleaner.
van,An enclosed boxlike motor vehicle having rear or side doors and side panels especially for transporting people.
var,variable
vas,Anatomy   A vessel or duct.
vat,A large vessel, such as a tub, cistern, or barrel, used to hold or store liquids.
vau,Variant of vav.
vav,The sixth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
vaw,Alternative form of vav.
vee,The letter v.
veg,Informal   To engage in relaxing or passive activities. Often used with out.
vet,A veterinarian.
vex,To annoy, as with petty importunities; bother.
via,By way of:  went to Pittsburgh via Philadelphia. 
vid,Eye dialect spelling of with.
vie,To strive for victory or superiority; contend.
vig,interest from a loan shark's loan.
vim,Ebullient vitality and energy.
vin,French wine.
vis,Force; power.
voe,A narrow sea inlet, particularly in the Shetland Islands, similar to a fjord.
vog,Air pollution caused by substances (such as sulphur dioxide) emitted by a volcano.
vow,An earnest promise to perform a specified act or behave in a certain manner.
vox,A voice.
vug,A small cavity in a rock or vein, often with a mineral lining of different composition from that of the surrounding rock.
vum,New England   Used to express surprise.
wab,a web.
wad,A small mass of soft material, often folded or rolled, used for padding, stuffing, or packing.
wae,woe
wag,To move briskly and repeatedly from side to side, to and fro, or up and down.
wan,Unnaturally pale, as from physical or emotional distress.
wap,A blow or beating; a whap.
war,A state of open, armed, often prolonged conflict carried on between nations, states, or parties.
was,First and third person singular past indicative of be.
wat,A Buddhist temple in Thailand or Cambodia.
waw,Variant of vav.
wax,Any of various natural, oily or greasy heat-sensitive substances, consisting of hydrocarbons or esters of fatty acids that are insoluble in water but soluble in nonpolar organic solvents.
way,A road, path, or highway affording passage from one place to another.
web,A woven fabric, especially one on a loom or just removed from it.
wed,To take as a spouse; marry.
wee,Very small; tiny.
wen,A harmless cyst, especially on the scalp or face, containing the fatty secretion of a sebaceous gland.
wet,Covered or soaked with a liquid, such as water.
wha,Eye dialect spelling of what.
who,What or which person or persons:  Who left? 
why,For what purpose, reason, or cause; with what intention, justification, or motive:  Why is the door shut? Why do birds sing? 
wig,An artificial covering of human or synthetic hair worn on the head for personal adornment, as part of a costume, or to conceal baldness.
win,To achieve victory or finish first in a competition.
wis,Certainly, surely
wit,The natural ability to perceive and understand; intelligence.
wiz,Informal   A person considered exceptionally gifted or skilled.
woe,Deep distress or misery, as from grief; wretchedness.
wog,Chiefly British Offensive Slang   Used as a disparaging term for a person of color, especially a person from northern Africa or western or southern Asia.
wok,A metal pan having a rounded bottom, used especially for frying and steaming in Asian cooking.
won,Archaic   To dwell or abide.
woo,To seek the affection of with intent to romance.
wop,Offensive Slang   Used as a disparaging term for a person of Italian birth or descent.
wos,Eye dialect spelling of was.
wot,First and third person singular present tense of wit.
wow,Used to express wonder, amazement, or great pleasure.
wry,Dryly humorous, often with a touch of irony.
wud,Mad.
wuz,Eye dialect spelling of was.
wye,The letter y.
wyn,Alternative spelling of wynn.
xed,Marked with an x.
xis,Plural form of xi.
yag,A synthetic garnet.
yah,Yes.
yak,A wild, shaggy-haired ox of the mountains of central Asia.
yam,A chiefly tropical vine of the genus Dioscorea, many of which have edible tuberous roots.
yap,To bark sharply or shrilly; yelp.
yar,Sour; brackish.
yas,Eye dialect spelling of yes.
yaw,Nautical   To swerve off course momentarily or temporarily.
yay,Used as an exclamation of pleasure, approval, elation, or victory.
yea,Yes; aye.
yeh,yeah; yes.
yen,A strong desire or inclination; a yearning or craving.
yep,Informal   Yes.
yer,your
yes,Used to express affirmation, agreement, positive confirmation, or consent.
yet,At this time; for the present:  isn't ready yet. 
yew,Any of several poisonous evergreen trees or shrubs of the genus Taxus, having scarlet cup-shaped arils and flat needles that are dark green above and yellowish below.
yez,you.
yid,Offensive Slang   Used as a disparaging term for a Jew.
yin,The passive, female cosmic principle in Chinese dualistic philosophy.
yip,A sharp, high-pitched bark; a yelp.
yob,Chiefly British Slang   A rowdy, aggressive, or violent young man.
yod,Alternative form of yodh.
yok,A non-Jew; a Gentile.
yom,Day; -- a Hebrew word used in the names of various Jewish feast days.
yon,Yonder.
you,Used to refer to the one or ones being addressed.
yow,Used to express alarm, pain, or surprise.
yuk,An exuberant laugh.
yum,An expression used to indicate delight in regard to a certain food's flavor
yup,Informal   Yes.
zag,One of a series of sharp turns or reversals:  many zigs and zags in the mountain road; the zigs and zags of the stock market. 
zap,To destroy or kill with a burst of gunfire, flame, or electric current.
zas,pizzas.
zax,A tool similar to a hatchet, used for cutting and dressing roofing slates.
zed,Chiefly British   The letter z.
zee,The letter z.
zek,An inmate of a Soviet labor camp.
zep,A long sandwich.
zig,One of a series of sharp turns or reversals:  The zigs and zags of foreign policy. 
zin,Zinfandel wine
zip,A brief sharp hissing sound.
zit,Slang   A pimple.
zoa,A plural of zoon.
zoo,A park or an institution in which living animals are kept and usually exhibited to the public. Also called zoological garden.
zuz,An ancient Hebrew silver coin.
zzz,Implies that a particular character is asleep.
