word,definition
aah,"Used to express pleasure, satisfaction, surprise, or great joy."
aal,"The Indian mulberry or Noni (Morinda citrifolia, Morinda tinctoria), a shrub found in Southeast Asia, the East Indies and the Pacific islands as far as French Polynesia."
aas,a loose sleeveless outer garment made from aba cloth; worn by Arabs.
aba,A fabric woven of the hair of camels or goats.
abo,a dark-skinned member of a race of people living in Australia when Europeans arrived
abs,absolute temperature
aby,"atone for, make amends for."
ace,"A single spot or pip on a playing card, die, or domino."
act,The process of doing or performing something:  the act of thinking. 
add,"To combine (a column of figures, for example) to form a sum."
ado,Bustle; fuss; trouble; bother.
ads,Plural form of ad.
adz,"An axlike tool with a curved blade at right angles to the handle, used for shaping wood."
aff,Off.
aft,"At, in, toward, or close to the stern of a vessel or the rear of an aircraft or spacecraft."
aga,"Used as a title for a civil or military leader, especially in Turkey."
age,The length of time that one has existed; duration of life:  23 years of age. 
ago,Gone by; past:  two years ago. 
ags,No definition found.
aha,"Used to express surprise, pleasure, or triumph."
ahi,the yellowfin tuna
ahs,Plural form of ah.
aid,"To help or furnish with help, support, or relief. See Synonyms at help."
ail,To feel ill or have pain.
aim,To direct (a weapon) toward an intended target.
ain,Scots   Own.
air,"A colorless, odorless, tasteless, gaseous mixture, mainly nitrogen (approximately 78 percent) and oxygen (approximately 21 percent) with lesser amounts of argon, carbon dioxide, hydrogen, neon, helium, and other gases."
ais,Plural form of ai.
ait,Chiefly British   A small island.
aji,No definition found.
ala,Zoology   A wing or winglike structure or part.
alb,Ecclesiastical   A long white linen robe with tapered sleeves worn by a priest at Mass.
ale,"A fermented alcoholic beverage containing malt and hops, similar to but heavier than beer."
all,"Being or representing the entire or total number, amount, or quantity:  All the windows are open. Deal all the cards.  See Synonyms at whole."
alp,A high mountain.
als,Also.
alt,Pitched in the first octave above the treble staff; high.
ama,Alternative spelling of amah.
ami,No definition found.
amp,Informal   An ampere.
amu,atomic mass unit
ana,A collection of various materials that reflect the character of a person or place:  definitive ana of the early American West. 
and,"Together with or along with; in addition to; as well as. Used to connect words, phrases, or clauses that have the same grammatical function in a construction."
ane,Chiefly Scots   One.
ani,"Any of several chiefly tropical American birds of the genus Crotophaga, related to the cuckoo and having black plumage and a long tail."
ant,"Any of various social insects of the family Formicidae, characteristically having wings only in the males and fertile females and living in colonies that have a complex social organization."
any,"One, some, every, or all without specification:  Take any book you want. Are there any messages for me? Any child would love that. Give me any food you don't want. "
ape,"Any of various large, tailless Old World primates of the family Pongidae, including the chimpanzee, gorilla, gibbon, and orangutan."
apo,"In an inactive, unbound state"
app,Informal   A computer application.
apt,Exactly suitable; appropriate:  an apt reply. 
arb,Informal   An arbitrageur.
arc,Something shaped like a curve or arch:  the vivid arc of a rainbow. 
are,Second person singular and plural and first and third person plural present indicative of be.
arf,Representing the sound of a dog's bark.
ark,"Bible   The chest containing the Ten Commandments written on stone tablets, carried by the Hebrews during their desert wanderings. Also called Ark of the Covenant."
arm,"An upper limb of the human body, connecting the hand and wrist to the shoulder."
ars,Plural form of ar.
art,"Human effort to imitate, supplement, alter, or counteract the work of nature."
ash,The grayish-white to black powdery residue left when something is burned.
ask,"To put a question to:  When we realized that we didn't know the answer, we asked the teacher. "
asp,"Any of several venomous snakes of Africa, Asia, and Europe, such as the small cobra (Naja haje) or the horned viper (Cerastes cornutus)."
ass,"Any of several hoofed mammals of the genus Equus, resembling and closely related to the horses but having a smaller build and longer ears, and including the domesticated donkey."
ate,Past tense of eat.
att,"A subdivision of currency, equal to a 1/100th of a Lao kip."
auk,"Any of several diving sea birds (family Alcidae) of northern regions, such as the razor-billed auk, having a chunky body, short wings, and webbed feet."
ava,Alternative form of kava.
ave,An expression of greeting or farewell.
avo,See Table at currency.
awa,A Scotch form of away.
awe,"A mixed emotion of reverence, respect, dread, and wonder inspired by authority, genius, great beauty, sublimity, or might:  We felt awe when contemplating the works of Bach. The observers were in awe of the destructive power of the new weapon. "
awl,"A pointed tool for making holes, as in wood or leather."
awn,"A slender, bristlelike appendage found on the spikelets of many grasses."
axe,Variant of ax1.
aye,An affirmative vote or voter:  The ayes outnumber the nays on this issue. 
ays,No definition found.
azo,"Containing a nitrogen group, especially N=N."
baa,"To make a bleating sound, as a sheep or goat."
bad,Not achieving an adequate standard; poor:  a bad concert. 
bag,"A container of flexible material, such as paper, plastic, or leather, that is used for carrying or storing items."
bah,Used to express impatient rejection or contempt.
bal,No definition found.
bam,Representing a loud noise or heavy impact.
ban,"To prohibit, especially by official decree:  The city council banned billboards on most streets.  See Synonyms at forbid."
bap,"A soft bread roll, originally from Scotland."
bar,"A relatively long, straight, rigid piece of solid material used as a fastener, support, barrier, or structural or mechanical member."
bas,No definition found.
bat,A stout wooden stick; a cudgel.
bay,"A body of water partially enclosed by land but with a wide mouth, affording access to the sea:  the Bay of Biscay. "
bed,"A piece of furniture for reclining and sleeping, typically consisting of a flat, rectangular frame and a mattress resting on springs."
bee,"Any of several winged, hairy-bodied, usually stinging insects of the superfamily Apoidea in the order Hymenoptera, including both solitary and social species and characterized by sucking and chewing mouthparts for gathering nectar and pollen."
beg,To ask for as charity:  begged money while sitting in a doorway. 
bel,Ten decibels.
ben,The inner room or parlor of a house with two rooms.
bes,Third-person singular simple present indicative form of be.
bet,An agreement usually between two parties that the one who has made an incorrect prediction about an uncertain outcome will forfeit something stipulated to the other; a wager.
bey,A provincial governor in the Ottoman Empire.
bib,"A piece of cloth or plastic secured under the chin and worn, especially by small children, to protect the clothing while eating."
bid,To issue a command to; direct.
big,"Of considerable size, number, quantity, magnitude, or extent; large. See Synonyms at large."
bin,A container or enclosed space for storage.
bio,Informal   A biography.
bis,Music   Again; twice. Used as a direction to repeat a passage.
bit,"A small portion, degree, or amount:  a bit of lint; a bit of luck. "
biz,Informal   Business.
boa,"Any of various large, nonvenomous, chiefly tropical snakes of the family Boidae, which includes the python, anaconda, boa constrictor, and other snakes that coil around and suffocate their prey."
bob,To hit lightly and quickly; tap.
bod,Slang   The physical human body.
bog,"An area having a wet, spongy, acidic substrate composed chiefly of sphagnum moss and peat in which characteristic shrubs and herbs and sometimes trees usually grow."
boo,"A sound uttered to show contempt, scorn, or disapproval."
bop,To hit or strike.
bos,"A genus of hollow-horned ruminants, having simple horns in both sexes, containing the oxen, or cattle."
bot,The parasitic larva of a botfly.
bow,Nautical   The front section of a ship or boat.
box,A container typically constructed with four sides perpendicular to the base and often having a lid or cover.
boy,A male child.
bra,A brassiere.
bro,Slang   A brother.
brr,"An expression used to express being cold, to show shivering."
bub,"Slang   Used as a term of familiar address, especially for a man or boy:  See you around, bub. "
bud,"Botany   A small protuberance on a stem or branch, sometimes enclosed in protective scales and containing an undeveloped shoot, leaf, or flower."
bug,A true bug.
bum,A tramp; a vagrant.
bun,"A small bread roll, often sweetened or spiced and sometimes containing dried fruit."
bur,A rough prickly husk or covering surrounding the seeds or fruits of plants such as the chestnut or the burdock.
bus,"A long motor vehicle for carrying passengers, usually along a fixed route."
but,On the contrary:  the plan caused not prosperity but ruin. 
buy,To acquire in exchange for money or its equivalent; purchase. See Regional Note at boughten.
bye,A secondary matter; a side issue.
bys,Plural form of by.
cab,A taxicab.
cad,A man whose behavior is unprincipled or dishonorable.
caf,cafe; cafeteria.
cal,calorie (mean calorie)
cam,"An eccentric or multiply curved wheel mounted on a rotating shaft, used to produce variable or reciprocating motion in another engaged or contacted part."
can,Used to indicate physical or mental ability:  I can carry both suitcases. Can you remember the war? 
cap,"A usually soft and close-fitting head covering, either having no brim or with a visor."
car,An automobile.
cat,A small carnivorous mammal (Felis catus or F. domesticus) domesticated since early times as a catcher of rats and mice and as a pet and existing in several distinctive breeds and varieties.
caw,The hoarse raucous sound that is characteristic of a crow or similar bird.
cay,"A small, low island composed largely of coral or sand."
cee,The letter c.
cel,A piece of celluloid on which has been drawn a frame of an animated film.
cep,See porcino.
chi,The 22nd letter of the Greek alphabet. See Table at alphabet.
cig,cigarette
cis,Having two mutations on two genes on the same chromosome of a homologous pair.
cob,A corncob:  corn on the cob. 
cod,"Any of various marine fishes of the family Gadidae, especially Gadus morhua, an important food fish of northern Atlantic waters. Also called codfish."
cog,"One of a series of teeth, as on the rim of a wheel or gear, whose engagement transmits successive motive force to a corresponding wheel or gear."
col,A pass between two mountain peaks or a gap in a ridge.
con,In opposition or disagreement; against:  debated the issue pro and con. 
coo,To utter the murmuring sound of a dove or pigeon or a sound resembling it.
cop,Informal   A police officer.
cor,A Hebrew measure of capacity; a core or homer.
cos,See romaine.
cot,"A narrow bed, especially one made of canvas on a collapsible frame."
cow,The mature female of cattle of the genus Bos.
cox,A coxswain.
coy,Tending to avoid people and social situations; reserved.
coz,Informal   A cousin.
cru,A vineyard or wine-producing region in France.
cry,"To sob or shed tears because of grief, sorrow, or pain; weep."
cub,"The young of certain carnivorous animals, such as the bear, wolf, or lion."
cud,Food regurgitated from the first stomach to the mouth of a ruminant and chewed again.
cue,Games   A long tapered rod with a leather tip used to strike the cue ball in billiards and pool.
cum,Together with; plus. Often used in combination:  our attic-cum-studio. 
cup,"A small open container, usually with a flat bottom and a handle, used for drinking."
cur,A dog considered to be inferior or undesirable; a mongrel.
cut,To penetrate with a sharp edge; strike a narrow opening in.
cuz,because
cwm,See cirque.
dab,To apply with short poking strokes:  dabbed some paint on the worn spots. 
dad,Informal   A father.
dag,A lock of matted or dung-coated wool.
dah,The spoken representation of a dash in radio and telegraph code.
dak,"A post system by means of transport relays of horses stationed at intervals along a route or network, carrying mail and passengers."
dal,Variant of dahl.
dam,A barrier constructed across a waterway to control the flow or raise the level of water.
dan,Any of 12 levels of proficiency at the grade of black belt in martial arts such as judo and karate.
dap,To fish by letting a baited hook fall gently onto the water.
das,"Symbol for the decasecond, an SI unit of time equal to 101 seconds."
daw,A jackdaw.
day,The period of light between dawn and nightfall; the interval from sunrise to sunset.
deb,Informal   A debutante.
dee,The letter d.
def,Slang   Excellent; first-rate.
del,The symbol used to denote the gradient operator.
den,The shelter or retreat of a wild animal; a lair.
dep,deposit
dev,developer
dew,"Water droplets condensed from the air, usually at night, onto cool surfaces."
dex,Slang   Dextroamphetamine.
dey,Used formerly as the title of the governor of Algiers before the French conquest in 1830.
dib,"to dig a hole by poking; especially, to dig a small hole in soil for the purpose of planting a bulb or seed"
did,Past tense of do.
die,To cease living; become dead; expire.
dif,difference
dig,"To break up, turn over, or remove (earth or sand, for example), as with a shovel, spade, or snout, or with claws, paws or hands."
dim,Lacking in brightness:  a dim room. 
din,"A jumble of loud, usually discordant sounds. See Synonyms at noise."
dip,"To plunge briefly into a liquid, as in order to wet, coat, or saturate."
dis,Informal To show disrespect to, often by insult or criticism.
dit,The spoken representation of the dot in radio and telegraph code.
doc,"Informal   A physician, dentist, or veterinarian."
doe,The female of a deer or related animal.
dog,A domesticated carnivorous mammal (Canis familiaris) related to the foxes and wolves and raised in a wide variety of breeds.
doh,Error finding definition.
dol,The unit of measurement for pain
dom,"A dominator (in sadomasochistic sexual practices), especially a male one."
don,Used as a courtesy title before the name of a man in a Spanish-speaking area.
dor,"A large European dung beetle, Geotrupes stercorarius, that makes a droning noise while flying."
dos,Plural form of do.
dot,A tiny round mark made by or as if by a pointed instrument; a spot.
dow,To be worth.
dry,Free from liquid or moisture:  changed to dry clothes. 
dub,To tap lightly on the shoulder by way of conferring knighthood.
dud,"A bomb, shell, or explosive round that fails to detonate."
due,Payable immediately or on demand.
dug,"An udder, breast, or teat of a female animal."
duh,"Used to express disdain for something deemed stupid or obvious, especially a self-evident remark."
dui,Plural form of duo.
dum,Syllable used when humming a tune.
dun,To importune (a debtor) for payment:  a dunning letter. 
duo,"Music   A duet, especially two performers singing or playing together."
dup,"to open (a door, gate etc.)"
dye,A substance used to color materials. Also called dyestuff.
ear,"Anatomy   The vertebrate organ of hearing, responsible for maintaining equilibrium as well as sensing sound and divided in mammals into the external ear, the middle ear, and the inner ear."
eat,To take into the body by the mouth for digestion or absorption.
eau,"Water: a word designating various spirituous waters, particularly perfumes and cordials; it also enters into several French heraldic phrases."
ebb,Ebb tide.
eco,Environmentally friendly or sensitive.
ecu,"The European Currency Unit, a currency used in the European Community before the euro."
edh,"eth; A letter appearing in Old English, Old Saxon, Old Norse, and modern Icelandic to represent an interdental fricative."
eds,a rapid automatic system to detect plastic explosives in passengers' luggage using X-ray technology and computers; designed for use in airports
eek,Representing a scream or shriek (especially in comic strips).
eel,"Any of various long, snakelike, scaleless marine or freshwater fishes of the order Anguilliformes or Apodes that lack pelvic fins and characteristically migrate from fresh water to salt water to spawn."
eew,Alternative spelling of ew.
eff,Fuck.
efs,"Plural form of ef., the name of the letter F."
eft,"An immature newt, especially the reddish-orange terrestrial form of a North American species, Notophthalmus viridescens."
egg,A female gamete; an ovum. Also called egg cell.
ego,"The self, especially as distinct from the world and other selves."
eke,To supplement with great effort. Used with out:  eked out an income by working two jobs. 
eld,"One's age, age in years, period of life."
elf,"A small, often mischievous creature considered to have magical powers."
elk,See wapiti.
ell,A wing of a building at right angles to the main structure.
elm,"Any of various deciduous trees of the genus Ulmus, characteristically having arching or curving branches and serrate leaves with asymmetrical bases. Elms are widely planted as shade trees."
els,Plural form of el.
eme,An uncle.
emo,A particular style of hardcore punk rock
ems,Plural form of em.
emu,"A large, flightless Australian bird (Dromiceius novaehollandiae) related to and resembling the ostrich and the cassowary."
end,Either extremity of something that has length:  the end of the pier. 
eng,"The Latin-based letter formed by combining the letters n and g, used in the IPA, Saami, Mende, and some Australian aboriginal languages."
ens,Plural form of en.
eon,An indefinitely long period of time; an age.
era,A period of time as reckoned from a specific date serving as the basis of its chronological system.
ere,Previous to; before.
erg,The centimeter-gram-second unit of energy or work equal to the work done by a force of one dyne acting over a distance of one centimeter.
ern,Alternative spelling of erne.
err,To make an error or a mistake.
ers,Third-person singular simple present indicative form of er.
ess,The letter s.
est,Abbreviation of established.
eta,The seventh letter of the Greek alphabet. See Table at alphabet.
eth,Variant of edh.
eve,"The evening or day preceding a special day, such as a holiday."
ewe,"A female sheep, especially when full grown."
eye,An organ of vision or of light sensitivity.
fab,Informal   Fabrication:  building a shed of metal fab. 
fad,A fashion that is taken up with great enthusiasm for a brief period of time; a craze.
fag,A student at a British public school who is required to perform menial tasks for a student in a higher class.
fah,An anglicised spelling of fa.
fan,"A device for creating a current of air or a breeze, especially:"
far,"To, from, or at considerable distance:  a cat that had strayed far from home. "
fas,Plural form of fa.
fat,"The ester of glycerol and one, two, or three fatty acids."
fax,A fax machine.
fay,To join or fit closely or tightly.
fed,Past tense and past participle of feed.
fee,"A fixed sum charged, as by an institution or by law, for a privilege:  a license fee; tuition fees. "
feh,An expression of disgust or contempt.
fem,An effeminate or homosexual man.
fen,"Low, flat, swampy land; a bog or marsh."
fer,Eye dialect spelling of for.
fes,No definition found.
fet,To fetch.
feu,Land held in feudal tenure.
few,Amounting to or consisting of a small number:  one of my few bad habits. 
fey,Error finding definition.
fez,"A man's felt cap in the shape of a flat-topped cone, usually red with a black tassel hanging from the crown, worn chiefly in the eastern Mediterranean region."
fib,An insignificant or childish lie.
fid,Nautical   A square bar used as a support for a topmast.
fie,Used to express distaste or disapproval.
fig,"Any of several trees or shrubs of the genus Ficus, especially F. carica, native to the Mediterranean region and widely cultivated for its edible multiple fruit."
fil,"A Nordic dairy product, similar to yoghurt, but using different bacteria which give a different taste and texture."
fin,"A membranous appendage extending from the body of a fish or other aquatic animal, used for propelling, steering, or balancing the body in the water."
fir,"Any of various evergreen trees of the genus Abies, having single flattened needles and erect cones with deciduous scales."
fit,To be the proper size and shape for:  These shoes fit me. 
fix,To place securely; make stable or firm:  fixed the tent poles in the ground.  See Synonyms at fasten.
fiz,Alternative spelling of fizz.
flu,Informal   Influenza.
fly,"To engage in flight, especially:"
fob,"A small pocket at the front waistline of a man's trousers or in the front of a vest, used especially to hold a watch."
foe,A personal enemy.
fog,Condensed water vapor in cloudlike masses lying close to the ground and limiting visibility.
foh,An exclamation of abhorrence or contempt.
fon,A fool or idiot.
foo,"A metasyntactic variable used to represent an unspecified entity. If part of a series of such entities, it is often the first in the series, and followed immediately by bar."
fop,A man who is preoccupied with and often vain about his clothes and manners; a dandy.
for,"Used to indicate the object, aim, or purpose of an action or activity:  trained for the ministry; put the house up for sale; plans to run for senator. "
fou,Crazy.
fox,"Any of various carnivorous mammals of the genus Vulpes and related genera, related to the dogs and wolves and characteristically having upright ears, a pointed snout, and a long bushy tail."
foy,"Scots   A farewell feast, drink, or gift, as at a wedding."
fro,Away; back:  moving to and fro. 
fry,To cook over direct heat in hot oil or fat.
fub,A plump young person or child.
fud,Alternative capitalization of FUD
fug,Error finding definition.
fun,"A source of enjoyment, amusement, or pleasure."
fur,"The thick coat of soft hair covering the skin of a mammal, such as a fox or beaver."
gab,"To talk idly or incessantly, as about trivial matters."
gad,To move about restlessly and with little purpose. See Synonyms at wander.
gae,No definition found.
gag,Something forced into or put over the mouth to prevent speaking or crying out.
gal,Informal   A girl.
gam,"A social visit or friendly interchange, especially between whalers or seafarers."
gan,Simple past of gin.
gap,An opening in a solid structure or surface; a cleft or breach:  wriggled through a gap in the fence; a large gap in the wall where the artillery shell had exploded. 
gar,"Any of several ganoid fishes of the family Lepisosteidae of fresh and brackish waters of North and Central America, having long narrow jaws, an elongated body, and a long snout."
gas,"The state of matter distinguished from the solid and liquid states by relatively low density and viscosity, relatively great expansion and contraction with changes in pressure and temperature, the ability to diffuse readily, and the spontaneous tendency to become distributed uniformly throughout any container."
gat,A narrow passage extending inland from a shore; a channel.
gay,"Of, relating to, or having a sexual orientation to persons of the same sex."
ged,The European pike.
gee,The letter g.
gel,"A colloid in which the disperse phase has combined with the dispersion medium to produce a semisolid material, such as a jelly."
gem,A pearl or mineral that has been cut and polished for use as an ornament.
gen,gender
get,To come into possession or use of; receive:  got a cat for her birthday. 
gey,See gay.
ghi,Alternative spelling of ghee.
gib,"A plain or notched, often wedge-shaped piece of wood or metal designed to hold parts of a machine or structure in place or provide a bearing surface, usually adjusted by a screw or key."
gid,"A disease of herbivores, especially sheep, caused by the presence of the larvae of the tapeworm Multiceps multiceps in the brain and resulting in a staggering gait. Also called sturdy."
gie,Scots   Variant of give.
gif,GIF
gig,"A light, two-wheeled carriage drawn by one horse."
gin,"A strong colorless alcoholic beverage made by distilling or redistilling rye or other grain spirits and adding juniper berries or aromatics such as anise, caraway seeds, or angelica root as flavoring."
gip,Slang   Variant of gyp.
gis,Alternative spelling of jizz.
git,"Chiefly New England, Midland U.S., &amp; Southern U.S.   Variant of get."
gnu,"Either of two large African antelopes (Connochaetes gnou or C. taurinus) having a drooping mane and beard, a long tufted tail, and curved horns in both sexes. Also called wildebeest."
goa,A gazelle (Procapra picticaudata) native to Tibet and having backward-curving horns in the male.
gob,A small mass or lump.
god,"A being conceived as the perfect, omnipotent, omniscient originator and ruler of the universe, the principal object of faith and worship in monotheistic religions."
goo,Informal   A sticky wet viscous substance.
gor,An unfledged bird.
gos,A Middle English form of goose.
got,Past tense and a past participle of get.
gox,"GOX, gaseous oxygen, as differentiated from LOX (liquid oxygen)"
goy,Offensive   Used as a disparaging term for one who is not a Jew.
grr,A growl of anger or disappointment.
gul,A stylized octagonal motif in Oriental rugs.
gum,"Any of various viscous substances that are exuded by certain plants and trees and dry into water-soluble, noncrystalline, brittle solids."
gun,A weapon consisting of a metal tube from which a projectile is fired at high velocity into a relatively flat trajectory.
gut,"The alimentary canal or a portion thereof, especially the intestine or stomach."
guv,"a form of address, usually to an unknown male or a superior. An informal form of sir."
guy,"A rope, cord, or cable used to steady, guide, or secure something."
gym,Sports   A gymnasium.
gyp,To deprive (another) of something by fraud; cheat or swindle.
had,Past tense and past participle of have.
hae,Scots   To have.
hag,An old woman considered ugly or frightful.
hah,Variant of ha1.
haj,"Islam   A pilgrimage to Mecca during Dhu'l Hijja, made as an objective of the religious life of a Muslim."
ham,"The thigh of the hind leg of certain animals, especially a hog."
hao,See Table at currency.
hap,Fortune; chance.
has,Third person singular present tense of have.
hat,"A covering for the head, especially one with a shaped crown and brim."
haw,An utterance used by a speaker who is fumbling for words.
hay,"Grass or other plants, such as clover or alfalfa, cut and dried for fodder."
heh,"Weak amusement, sometimes signaling boredom."
hem,"An edge or border on a piece of cloth, especially a finished edge, as for a garment or curtain, made by folding an edge under and stitching it down."
hen,"A female bird, especially the adult female of the domestic fowl."
hep,Slang   Variant of hip2.
her,Used as a modifier before a noun:  her boots; her accomplishments. 
hes,No definition found.
het,Heterosexual.
hew,To make or shape with or as if with an ax:  hew a path through the underbrush. 
hex,An evil spell; a curse.
hey,"Used to attract attention or to express surprise, appreciation, wonder, or pleasure."
hic,"An approximation to the sound of a hiccup, used e.g. to indicate drunkenness."
hid,Past tense and a past participle of hide1.
hie,To go quickly; hasten.
him,Used as the direct object of a verb:  They saw him at the meeting. 
hin,"A unit of liquid measure used by the ancient Hebrews, equal to about five liters."
hip,The laterally projecting prominence of the pelvis or pelvic region from the waist to the thigh.
his,Used as a modifier before a noun:  his boots; his plans. 
hit,To come into contact with forcefully; strike:  The car hit the guardrail. 
hmm,Indicating thinking or pondering.
hob,"A shelf or projection at the back or side of a fireplace, used for keeping food or utensils warm."
hod,"A trough carried over the shoulder for transporting loads, as of bricks or mortar."
hoe,"A tool with a flat blade attached approximately at a right angle to a long handle, used for weeding, cultivating, and gardening."
hog,"Any of various mammals of the family Suidae, which includes the domesticated pig as well as wild species, such as the boar and the wart hog."
hom,"A Middle English form of hem, obsolete objective plural of he. See he."
hon,"Honey, sweetheart (used as a term of endearment)."
hoo,how
hop,To move with light bounding skips or leaps.
hos,Plural form of ho.
hot,Having or giving off heat; capable of burning.
how,In what manner or way; by what means:  How does this machine work? 
hoy,A small sloop-rigged coasting ship.
hub,"The center part of a wheel, fan, or propeller."
hue,"The property of colors by which they can be perceived as ranging from red through yellow, green, and blue, as determined by the dominant wavelength of the light. See Table at color."
hug,"To clasp or hold closely, especially in the arms, as in affection; embrace."
huh,"Used to express interrogation, surprise, contempt, or indifference."
hum,To emit a continuous low droning sound like that of the speech sound (m) when prolonged.
hun,Affectionate abbreviation of honey.
hup,"The first beat of a 4/4 military cadence, commanding either the lead-off step in a march or some other action."
hut,A crude or makeshift dwelling or shelter; a shack.
hyp,hypnotism; hypnotist
ice,Water frozen solid.
ich,"A contagious disease of tropical marine and freshwater fishes, caused by a protozoan (Ichthyophthirius multifiliis) and characterized by small white pustules on the skin and eyes."
ick,An exclamation of disgust
icy,Containing or covered with ice:  an icy road. 
ids,Plural form of id.
iff,if and only if
ifs,Plural form of if.
igg,To ignore or snub.
ilk,Type or kind:  can't trust people of that ilk. 
ill,Not healthy; sick:  I began to feel ill last week. 
imp,A mischievous child.
ink,A pigmented liquid or paste used especially for writing or printing.
inn,A public lodging house serving food and drink to travelers; a hotel.
ins,Plural form of in.
ion,An atom or a group of atoms that has acquired a net electric charge by gaining or losing one or more electrons.
ire,Anger; wrath. See Synonyms at anger.
irk,"To be irritating, wearisome, or vexing to. See Synonyms at annoy."
ism,Error finding definition.
its,Used as a modifier before a noun:  The airline canceled its early flight to New York. 
ivy,"Any of several woody, climbing or trailing evergreen plants of the genus Hedera native to the Old World, especially H. helix, having palmately lobed leaves, root-bearing young stems, and small green flowers grouped in umbels."
jab,To poke or thrust abruptly:  jabbed a knife into the log. 
jag,A sharp projection; a barb.
jam,To drive or wedge forcibly into a tight position:  jammed the cork in the bottle. 
jar,A cylindrical glass or earthenware vessel with a wide mouth and usually no handles.
jaw,Either of two bony or cartilaginous structures that in most vertebrates form the framework of the mouth and hold the teeth.
jay,The letter j.
jee,Variant of gee3.
jet,A dense black coal that takes a high polish and is used for jewelry.
jeu,No definition found.
jew,Offensive   To bargain shrewdly or unfairly with. Often used with down.
jib,Nautical   A triangular sail stretching from the foretopmast head to the jib boom and in small craft to the bowsprit or the bow.
jig,Any of various lively dances in triple time.
jin,Alternative spelling of djinn.
job,"A regular activity performed in exchange for payment, especially as one's trade, occupation, or profession."
joe,Informal   Brewed coffee.
jog,"To move by shoving, bumping, or jerking; jar:  a rough wagon ride that jogged the passengers. "
jot,The smallest bit; iota.
jow,"A former, pre-metric, unit of length in India, equal to approximately a quarter of an inch"
joy,Intense and especially ecstatic or exultant happiness.
jug,"A large, often rounded vessel of earthenware, glass, or metal with a small mouth, a handle, and usually a stopper or cap."
jun,"A monetary unit of North Korea and formerly of South Korea, equal to one hundredth of a won."
jus,The juices that are a by-product of roasting meat
jut,Error finding definition.
kab,Variant of cab2.
kae,See ka.
kaf,Error finding definition.
kas,No definition found.
kat,"Symbol for katal, an SI unit of measurement of catalytic activity."
kay,The letter k.
kea,A brownish-green mountain-dwelling New Zealand parrot (Nestor notabilis) that usually eats insects but sometimes feeds on carrion and rubbish.
kef,Variant of kif.
keg,A small cask or barrel with a capacity of about 30 gallons (114 liters).
ken,Perception; understanding:  complex issues well beyond our ken. 
kep,"To meet, either in a hostile or a friendly way, or accidentally."
kex,The dried stem of certain large herbaceous plants.
key,"A notched and grooved, usually metal implement that is turned to open or close a lock."
khi,Variant of chi1.
kid,A young goat.
kif,"Smoking material, such as Indian hemp, used especially in the Maghreb."
kin,One's relatives; family; kinfolk.
kip,See Table at currency.
kir,A drink consisting of dry white wine or champagne flavored with cassis.
kis,No definition found.
kit,A set of articles or implements used for a specific purpose:  a survival kit; a shaving kit. 
koa,An acacia (Acacia koa) native to Hawaii having flowers arranged in axillary racemes and small sickle-shaped leaves.
kob,"An orange-brown African antelope (Kobus kob) of Gambia east to Uganda and Ethiopia, having lyre-shaped horns in the male."
koi,"Ornamental domesticated varieties of the common carp, Cyprinus carpio, of Japan and eastern Asia with red-gold or white coloring"
kop,Hill; mountain.
kor,See homer2.
kos,an Indian unit of length having different values in different localities.
kue,An obsolete form of cue.
kye,Plural form of cow.
lab,A laboratory.
lac,A resinous secretion of the lac insect deposited on trees and used in making shellac.
lad,A young man; a youth.
lag,To fail to keep up a pace; straggle.
lah,Alternative spelling of la.
lam,To give a thorough beating to; thrash.
lap,The front area from the waist to the knees of a seated person.
lar,A household or ancestral god in ancient Rome
las,Plural form of la.
lat,A Latvian coin and national monetary unit
lav,Lavatory.
law,"A rule of conduct or procedure established by custom, agreement, or authority."
lax,"Lacking in rigor, strictness, or firmness. See Synonyms at negligent."
lay,To cause to lie down:  lay a child in its crib. 
lea,A grassland; a meadow.
led,Past tense and past participle of lead1.
lee,Nautical   The side away from the direction from which the wind blows.
leg,"A limb or an appendage of an animal, used for locomotion or support."
lei,"A garland of flowers, especially one worn around the neck."
lek,See Table at currency.
les,Short form of lesbian
let,To give permission or opportunity to; allow:  I let them borrow the car. The inheritance let us finally buy a house.  See Usage Note at leave1.
leu,See Table at currency.
lev,See Table at currency.
lex,Law.
ley,Variant of lea.
lez,Offensive Slang   Used as a disparaging term for a lesbian.
lib,Informal   A movement that seeks to achieve equal rights for a group; liberation.
lid,A removable or hinged cover for a hollow receptacle or box.
lie,"To be or place oneself at rest in a flat, horizontal, or recumbent position; recline:  He lay under a tree to sleep. "
lin,"A pool or collection of water, particularly one above or below a waterfall."
lip,Anatomy   Either of two fleshy folds that surround the opening of the mouth.
lis,A controversy; a litigation.
lit,A past tense and a past participle of light1.  See Usage Note at light1.
lob,"To hit, throw, or propel in a high arc:  lob a beach ball; lob a tennis shot over an opponent's head. "
log,A usually large section of a trunk or limb of a fallen or felled tree.
loo,A card game in which each player contributes stakes to a pool.
lop,"To cut off (a part), especially from a tree or shrub:  lopped off the dead branches. "
lor,No definition found.
lot,"Informal   A large extent, amount, or number. Often used in the plural:  is in a lot of trouble; has lots of friends. "
low,Having little relative height; not high or tall.
lox,Smoked salmon.
lud,A Middle English form of loud.
lug,A handle or projection used as a hold or support.
lum,A chimney.
lun,No definition found.
luv,deliberate misspelling of love
lux,"The International System unit of illumination, equal to one lumen per square meter. See Table at measurement."
lye,The liquid obtained by leaching wood ashes.
mac,Chiefly British   A mackintosh.
mad,Angry; resentful. See Synonyms at angry.
mae,A Scotch form of mo.
mag,Slang   A magazine:  surfing mags. 
mam,Diminutive of mother.
man,An adult male human.
map,"A representation, usually on a plane surface, of a region of the earth or heavens."
mar,"To inflict damage, especially disfiguring damage, on."
mas,milliarcsecond
mat,"A flat piece of coarse fabric or other material used for wiping one's shoes or feet, or in various other forms as a floor covering."
maw,"The mouth, stomach, jaws, or gullet of a voracious animal, especially a carnivore."
max,"The maximum:  The car can seat five adults, but that's the max. "
may,"To be allowed or permitted to:  May I take a swim? Yes, you may. "
med,Informal   Medical:  med schools; med students. 
meg,Informal   A megabyte.
meh,Mediocre; lackluster; unexceptional; uninspiring.
mel,honey
mem,The 13th letter of the Hebrew alphabet. See Table at alphabet.
men,Plural of man.
mes,No definition found.
met,Past tense and past participle of meet1.
mew,"A cage for hawks, especially when molting."
mho,A siemens.
mib,"a unit of information equal to 1024 kibibytes or 2^20 (1,048,576) bytes"
mic,Informal   Variant of mike.
mid,Middle; central.
mig,No definition found.
mil,"A unit of length equal to one thousandth (10-3) of an inch (0.0254 millimeter), used, for example, to specify the diameter of wire or the thickness of materials sold in sheets."
mim,A Roman numeral representing one thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine (1999).
mir,A village community of peasant farmers in prerevolutionary Russia.
mis,Wrong; amiss.
mix,To combine or blend into one mass or mixture.
mmm,A Roman numeral representing three thousand (3000).
moa,"Any of various flightless ostrichlike birds of the family Dinornithidae, native to New Zealand and extinct for over a century."
mob,A large disorderly crowd or throng. See Synonyms at crowd1.
moc,No definition found.
mod,An unconventionally modern style of fashionable dress originating in England in the 1960s.
mog,A cat.
moi,No definition found.
mol,Variant of mole5.
mom,Informal   Mother.
mon,Scots   Man.
moo,"To emit the deep, bellowing sound made by a cow; low."
mop,"A household implement made of absorbent material attached to a typically long handle and used for washing, dusting, or drying floors."
mor,Error finding definition.
mos,sing. of mores.
mot,A witty or incisive remark.
mow,"The place in a barn where hay, grain, or other feed is stored."
mud,"Wet, sticky, soft earth, as on the banks of a river."
mug,A heavy cylindrical drinking cup usually having a handle.
mum,Not verbalizing; silent.
mun,Must.
mus,Error finding definition.
mut,An abbreviation of mutual.
mux,"Dirt, filth or muck."
myc,"Any of a group of vertebrate oncogenes whose product, a DNA binding protein, is thought to promote the growth of tumor cells."
nab,Informal   To seize (a fugitive or wrongdoer); arrest.
nae,Scots   No.
nag,"To annoy by constant scolding, complaining, or urging."
nah,Informal   No.
nam,No definition found.
nan,Variant of naan.
nap,"A brief sleep, often during the day."
nav,"Navigation. Often used attributively, as in nav beacon."
naw,Eye dialect spelling of no.
nay,No:  All but four Democrats voted nay. 
neb,A beak of a bird.
nee,Used when giving the maiden name of a woman.
neg,negative
net,An openwork fabric made of threads or cords that are woven or knotted together at regular intervals.
new,Having been made or come into being only a short time ago; recent:  a new law. 
nib,The sharpened point of a quill pen.
nil,Nothing; zero.
nim,Archaic   To steal; pilfer.
nip,To seize and pinch or bite:  The fish nipped the wader's toe. 
nit,"The egg or young of a parasitic insect, such as a louse."
nix,"Mythology   A water sprite of German mythology, usually in human form or half-human and half-fish."
nob,Slang   The human head.
nod,"To lower and raise the head quickly, as in agreement or acknowledgment."
nog,A wooden block built into a masonry wall to hold nails that support joinery structures.
noh,a form of classical Japanese music drama
nom,Nomination.
noo,now
nor,And not; or not; not either:  has neither phoned nor written us; life forms that are neither plants nor animals. 
nos,Plural form of no.
not,"In no way; to no degree. Used to express negation, denial, refusal, or prohibition:  I will not go. You may not have any. "
now,At the present time:  goods now on sale; the now aging dictator. 
nth,Relating to an unspecified ordinal number:  ten to the nth power. 
nub,A protuberance or knob.
nug,A piece of marijuana.
nun,"A woman who belongs to a religious order or congregation devoted to active service or meditation, living under vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience."
nus,No definition found.
nut,"An indehiscent, hard-shelled, one-loculated, one-seeded fruit, such as an acorn or hazelnut."
oaf,A person regarded as stupid or clumsy.
oak,"Any of numerous monoecious deciduous or evergreen trees or shrubs of the genus Quercus, bearing acorns as fruit."
oar,"A long, thin, usually wooden pole with a blade at one end, used to row or steer a boat."
oat,"Any of various grasses of the genus Avena, especially A. sativa, widely cultivated for their edible grains."
oba,A hereditary chief or king among various peoples of Benin and Nigeria.
obe,A particular subdivision of ancient Laconia.
obi,"A wide sash fastened in the back with a large flat bow, worn by women in Japan as a part of the traditional dress."
oca,"A perennial plant (Oxalis tuberosa) of the high Andes, grown for its edible tubers."
och,"an expression of anger, frustration, surprise"
oda,room within a harem
odd,"Deviating from what is ordinary, usual, or expected; strange or peculiar:  an odd name; odd behavior.  See Synonyms at strange."
ode,"A lyric poem of some length, usually of a serious or meditative nature and having an elevated style and formal stanzaic structure."
ods,Plural form of od.
oes,"Plural form of o., the name of the letter O."
off,From a place or position:  drove off. 
oft,Often. Often used in combination:  his oft-expressed philosophy; oft-repeated tales. 
ohm,A unit of electrical resistance equal to that of a conductor in which a current of one ampere is produced by a potential of one volt across its terminals. See Table at measurement.
oho,"Used to express surprise, comprehension, or mock astonishment."
ohs,Plural form of oh.
oik,a member of the lower classes.
oil,"Any of numerous mineral, vegetable, and synthetic substances and animal and vegetable fats that are generally slippery, combustible, viscous, liquid or liquefiable at room temperatures, soluble in various organic solvents such as ether but not in water, and used in a great variety of products, especially lubricants and fuels."
oka,Error finding definition.
oke,"A Turkish, Egyptian, Hungarian and Wallachian unit of weight, equal to about 2 & 3/4 lbs."
old,Having lived or existed for a relatively long time; far advanced in years or life.
ole,Eye dialect spelling of old.
oma,"grandmother, grandma."
oms,Plural form of om.
one,"Being a single entity, unit, object, or living being."
ono,"good-tasting, delicious."
ons,No definition found.
oof,Money.
ooh,"Used to express pleasure, satisfaction, surprise, or great joy."
oot,anything
opa,"Command/suggestion to halt, bring to a stop."
ope,open
ops,Plural form of op.
opt,To make a choice or decision:  opted for early retirement; opted not to go. 
ora,Plural of os1.
orb,A sphere or spherical object.
orc,"Any of several cetaceans, especialy the grampus (Grampus griseus) of the dolphin family."
ore,"A mineral or an aggregate of minerals from which a valuable constituent, especially a metal, can be profitably mined or extracted."
org,organization
ors,No definition found.
ort,A small scrap or leaving of food after a meal is completed. Often used in the plural.
ose,No definition found.
oud,A musical instrument of northern Africa and southwest Asia resembling a lute.
our,Used as a modifier before a noun:  our accomplishments; our hometown. 
out,In a direction away from the inside:  Let's go out and look at the stars. 
ova,Plural of ovum.
owe,To be indebted to the amount of:  He owes me five dollars. 
owl,"Any of various often nocturnal birds of prey of the order Strigiformes, having hooked and feathered talons, large heads with short hooked beaks, large eyes set forward, and fluffy plumage that allows for almost noiseless flight."
own,Of or belonging to oneself or itself:  She makes her own clothes. 
owt,"aught, anything"
oxo,A substituent oxygen atom connected to another atom by a double bond
oxy,the bivalent R-O-R functional group found in ethers
pac,A moccasin or soft shoe designed to be worn inside a boot.
pad,"A thin, cushionlike mass of soft material used to fill, to give shape, or to protect against jarring, scraping, or other injury."
pah,Used to express disgust or irritation.
pak,deliberate misspelling of pack
pal,A friend; a chum.
pam,The jack of clubs and highest trump in certain variations of loo.
pan,"A shallow, wide, open container, usually of metal and without a lid, used for holding liquids, cooking, and other domestic purposes."
pap,Midland U.S.   A teat or nipple.
par,An amount or level considered to be average; a standard:  performing up to par; did not yet feel up to par. 
pas,A step or dance.
pat,To tap gently with the open hand or with something flat.
paw,"The foot of an animal, especially a quadruped, that has claws or nails."
pax,Ecclesiastical   A small flat tablet adorned with a sacred image that worshippers kiss when offered the kiss of peace.
pay,To give money to in return for goods or services rendered:  pay the cashier. 
pea,A member of the pea family.
pec,Error finding definition.
ped,A pedestrian.
pee,The letter p.
peg,"A small cylindrical or tapered pin, as of wood, used to fasten things or plug a hole."
peh,No definition found.
pen,"An instrument for writing or drawing with ink or similar fluid, especially:"
pep,Error finding definition.
per,"To, for, or by each; for every:  Gasoline once cost 40 cents per gallon. "
pes,"A foot or footlike part, especially the foot of a four-footed vertebrate."
pet,An animal kept for amusement or companionship.
pew,"One of the long, fixed, backed benches that are arranged in rows for the seating of a congregation in church."
phi,The 21st letter of the Greek alphabet. See Table at alphabet.
pho,A Vietnamese rice noodle served in a soup often with beef.
pht,Used to signify mild annoyance or disagreement
pia,The pia mater.
pic,Slang   A photograph.
pie,"A baked food composed of a pastry shell filled with fruit, meat, cheese, or other ingredients, and usually covered with a pastry crust."
pig,"Any of several mammals of the family Suidae, having short legs, cloven hooves, bristly hair, and a cartilaginous snout used for digging, especially the domesticated hog, Sus scrofa domesticus, when young or of comparatively small size."
pin,"A short, straight, stiff piece of wire with a blunt head and a sharp point, used especially for fastening."
pip,"The small seed of a fruit, as that of an apple or orange."
pis,Plural form of pi.
pit,A natural or artificial hole or cavity in the ground.
piu,No definition found.
pix,A plural of pic.
ply,"To join together, as by molding or twisting."
pod,Botany   A dehiscent fruit of a leguminous plant such as the pea.
poh,Expressing contempt or disgust; bah.
poi,"A Hawaiian food made from the tuber of the taro that is cooked, pounded to a paste, and fermented."
pol,Informal   A politician.
pom,An American alcoholic drink containing vodka and pomegranate juice.
poo,To defecate.
pop,"To make a short, sharp, explosive sound."
pos,positive
pot,"Any of various usually domestic containers made of pottery, metal, or glass, as:"
pow,"Represents the sound of a violent impact, such as a punch."
pox,"A disease such as chickenpox or smallpox, characterized by purulent skin eruptions that may leave pockmarks."
pro,An argument or consideration in favor of something:  weighing the pros and cons. 
pry,"To look or inquire closely, curiously, or impertinently:  was always prying into the affairs of others. "
psi,The 23rd letter of the Greek alphabet. See Table at alphabet.
pst,Alternative form of psst.
pub,A place of business where alcoholic beverages are sold and drunk.
pud,pudding (either sweet or savoury)
pug,"A small sturdy dog of an ancient breed originating in China, having a snub nose, wrinkled face, squarish body, short smooth hair, and curled tail."
pul,See Table at currency.
pun,"A play on words, sometimes on different senses of the same word and sometimes on the similar sense or sound of different words."
pup,A young dog; a puppy.
pur,Dated form of purr (low murmuring sound as of a cat)
pus,"A generally viscous, yellowish-white fluid formed in infected tissue, consisting of white blood cells, cellular debris, and necrotic tissue."
put,To place in a specified location; set:  She put the books on the table. 
pya,See Table at currency.
pye,Archaic spelling of pie (the pastry food).
pyx,Ecclesiastical   A container in which wafers for the Eucharist are kept.
qat,Alternative form of khat.
qis,Plural form of qi.
qua,In the capacity or character of; as:  The President qua head of the party mediated the dispute. 
rad,"A unit of energy absorbed from ionizing radiation, equal to 100 ergs per gram or 0.01 joules per kilogram of irradiated material. It has been replaced as a standard scientific unit by the gray."
rag,A scrap of cloth.
rah,Used as an exclamation of approval or encouragement.
rai,"A form of popular Algerian music combining traditional Arabic vocal styles with various elements of popular Western music and featuring outspoken, often controversial lyrics."
raj,"Dominion or rule, especially the British rule over India (1757-1947)."
ram,A male sheep.
ran,Past tense of run.
rap,To hit sharply and swiftly; strike:  rapped the table with his fist. 
ras,An Ethiopian king or prince.
rat,"Any of various long-tailed rodents resembling mice but larger, especially one of the genus Rattus."
raw,Uncooked:  raw meat. 
rax,barracks
ray,A thin line or narrow beam of light or other radiant energy.
reb,A Confederate soldier.
rec,Informal   Recreation.
red,"The hue of the long-wave end of the visible spectrum, evoked in the human observer by radiant energy with wavelengths of approximately 630 to 750 nanometers; any of a group of colors that may vary in lightness and saturation and whose hue resembles that of blood; one of the additive or light primaries; one of the psychological primary hues."
ree,Wild; fierce; outrageous; overexcited; frenzied; delirious; crazy.
ref,Informal   A referee.
reg,"A hard surface of rock fragments set in a sandy matrix, found in some hot deserts."
rei,An old Portuguese money of account.
rem,The amount of ionizing radiation required to produce the same biological effect as one rad of high-penetration x-rays.
rep,"A ribbed or corded fabric of various materials, such as cotton, wool, or silk."
res,short form of Indian reserve or reservation
ret,"To moisten or soak (flax, for example) in order to soften and separate the fibers by partial rotting."
rev,"A revolution, as of a motor."
rex,An animal which has a genetic recessive variation that causes the guard hairs to be very short or fully lacking.
rez,short form of Indian reservation
rho,The 17th letter of the Greek alphabet. See Table at alphabet.
ria,"A submergent coastal landform, often known as a drowned river valley"
rib,Anatomy   One of a series of long curved bones occurring in 12 pairs in humans and extending from the spine to or toward the sternum.
rid,To free from:  He was finally able to rid himself of all financial worries. 
rif,No definition found.
rig,To provide with a harness or equipment; fit out.
rim,The usually curved or circular border or edge of an object. See Synonyms at border.
rin,An obsolete or Scotch variant of run.
rip,"To cut, tear apart, or tear away roughly or energetically. See Synonyms at tear1."
rob,Law   To take property from (a person) illegally by using or threatening to use violence or force; commit robbery upon.
roc,A mythical bird of prey having enormous size and strength.
rod,"A thin straight piece or bar of material, such as metal or wood, often having a particular function or use, as:"
roe,The eggs or the egg-laden ovary of a fish.
rom,A Gipsy; a Romany.
roo,Peace; quietness.
rot,"To undergo decomposition, especially organic decomposition; decay."
row,"A series of objects placed next to each other, usually in a straight line."
rub,To apply pressure and friction to (a surface).
rue,"To feel regret, remorse, or sorrow for."
rug,A heavy fabric used to cover a floor.
rum,An alcoholic liquor distilled from fermented molasses or sugar cane.
run,To move swiftly on foot so that both feet leave the ground during each stride.
rut,A sunken track or groove made by the passage of vehicles.
rya,A handwoven Scandinavian rug with a thick pile and usually colorful abstract designs.
rye,A cereal grass (Secale cereale) widely cultivated for its grain.
ryu,No definition found.
sab,No definition found.
sac,"A pouch or pouchlike structure in a plant or an animal, sometimes filled with fluid."
sad,Affected or characterized by sorrow or unhappiness.
sae,A dialectal (Scotch) form of so.
sag,"To sink, droop, or settle from pressure or weight."
sal,Salt.
san,"Used as a courtesy title in Japanese-speaking areas as a suffix to the given name, surname, or title of the person being addressed, regardless of age or gender:  Yamamoto san; sensei-san. "
sap,"The watery fluid that circulates through a plant, carrying food and other substances to the various tissues."
sat,Past tense and past participle of sit.
sau,No definition found.
saw,"Any of various tools, either hand-operated or power-driven, having a thin metal blade or disk with a sharp, usually toothed edge, used for cutting wood, metal, or other hard materials."
sax,A saxophone.
say,Error finding definition.
sea,"The continuous body of salt water covering most of the earth's surface, especially this body regarded as a geophysical entity distinct from earth and sky."
sec,"Dry. Used of wines, especially champagne."
see,To perceive with the eye.
seg,A man; warrior; hero.
sei,A sei whale.
sel,A Middle English form of seel.
sen,See Table at currency.
ser,serial
set,To put in a specified position; place:  set a book on a table. 
sev,No definition found.
sew,"To make, repair, or fasten by stitching, as with a needle and thread or a sewing machine:  sew a dress; sew on a button. "
sex,The property or quality by which organisms are classified as female or male on the basis of their reproductive organs and functions.
sez,Third-person singular simple present indicative form of say. Says.
sha,"A very light, thin silken material made in China; silk gauze."
she,Used to refer to the woman or girl previously mentioned or implied. See Usage Note at I1.
shh,Requesting silence. Asking people to keep silent.
sho,"nonstandard spelling of sure, based on dialectal pronunciation"
shy,Easily startled; timid.
sib,A blood relation; a relative.
sic,"Thus; so. Used to indicate that a quoted passage, especially one containing an error or unconventional spelling, has been retained in its original form or written intentionally."
sig,"Shortened form of signature, usually when used as a digital signature on emails."
sim,A simulation.
sin,"A transgression of a religious or moral law, especially when deliberate."
sip,To drink in small quantities.
sir,Used as an honorific before the given name or the full name of baronets and knights.
sis,Informal   Sister.
sit,To rest with the torso vertical and the body supported on the buttocks.
six,The cardinal number equal to 5 + 1.
ska,"Popular music originating in Jamaica in the 1960s, having elements of rhythm and blues, jazz, and calypso and marked by a fast tempo and a strongly accented offbeat."
ski,"One of a pair of long flat runners of plastic, metal, or wood that curve upward in front and may be attached to a boot for gliding or traveling over snow."
sky,The expanse of air over any given point on the earth; the upper atmosphere as seen from the earth's surface.
sly,"Clever or cunning, especially in the practice of deceit."
sob,To weep aloud with convulsive gasping; cry uncontrollably. See Synonyms at cry.
soc,Sociology or social science
sod,A section of grass-covered surface soil held together by matted roots; turf.
soh,An anglicised spelling of so.
sol,Music   The fifth tone of the diatonic scale in solfeggio.
som,See Table at currency.
son,One's male child.
sop,"To dip, soak, or drench in a liquid; saturate."
sos,No definition found.
sot,A drunkard.
sou,"One of several coins formerly used in France, worth a small amount."
sow,To scatter (seed) over the ground for growing.
sox,A plural of sock1.
soy,The soybean.
spa,A resort providing therapeutic baths.
spy,"An agent employed by a state to obtain secret information, especially of a military nature, concerning its potential or actual enemies."
sri,No definition found.
sty,An enclosure for swine.
sub,Informal   See submarine.
sue,Law   To petition (a court) for redress of grievances or recovery of a right.
suk,Alternative spelling of souq.
sum,Mathematics   An amount obtained as a result of adding numbers.
sun,"A star that is the basis of the solar system and that sustains life on Earth, being the source of heat and light. It has a mean distance from Earth of about 150 million kilometers (93 million miles) a diameter of approximately 1,390,000 kilometers (864,000 miles) and a mass about 330,000 times that of Earth."
sup,To eat or drink (something) or engage in eating or drinking by taking small swallows or mouthfuls:  supped the hot soup; supped away daintily. 
suq,Variant of souk.
sus,No definition found.
syn,Error finding definition.
tab,"A projection, flap, or short strip attached to an object to facilitate opening, handling, or identification."
tad,Informal   A small boy.
tae,A Scotch form of to.
tag,"A strip of leather, paper, metal, or plastic attached to something or hung from a wearer's neck to identify, classify, or label:  sale tags on all coats and dresses. "
taj,A tall conical cap worn by Muslims as a headdress of distinction.
tam,A tam-o'-shanter.
tan,"To convert (hide) into leather, as by treating with tannin."
tao,The essential principle underlying existence; ultimate reality.
tap,To strike gently with a light blow or blows:  I tapped you on the shoulder to get your attention. 
tar,"A dark, oily, viscous material, consisting mainly of hydrocarbons, produced by the destructive distillation of organic substances such as wood, coal, or peat."
tas,Alternative spelling of tass.
tat,To do tatting or produce (something) by tatting.
tau,The 19th letter of the Greek alphabet. See Table at alphabet.
tav,The 23rd letter of the Hebrew alphabet. See Table at alphabet.
taw,"To convert (skin) into white leather by mineral tanning, as with alum and salt."
tax,"A contribution for the support of a government required of persons, groups, or businesses within the domain of that government."
tea,"An eastern Asian evergreen shrub or small tree (Camellia sinensis) having fragrant, nodding, cup-shaped white flowers and glossy leaves."
tec,A detective.
ted,"Chiefly New England   To strew or spread (newly mown grass, for example) for drying."
tee,The letter t.
teg,A sheep in its second year or before its first shearing.
tel,telegraph
ten,The cardinal number equal to 9 + 1.
tes,No definition found.
tet,No definition found.
tew,A rope or chain for towing a boat.
the,"Used before singular or plural nouns and noun phrases that denote particular, specified persons or things:  the baby; the dress I wore. "
tho,Informal   Though.
thy,Used as a modifier before a noun.
tic,"A habitual spasmodic muscular movement or contraction, usually of the face or extremities."
tie,"To fasten or secure with or as if with a cord, rope, or strap:  tied the kite to a post; tie up a bundle. "
til,See sesame.
tin,Error finding definition.
tip,The end of a pointed or projecting object.
tis,No definition found.
tit,A titmouse.
tix,Tickets.
tiz,No definition found.
tod,"Chiefly British   A unit of weight for wool, especially one equivalent to about 28 pounds (12.7 kilograms)."
toe,One of the digits of a vertebrate.
tog,Clothes:  gardening togs. 
tom,"The male of various animals, especially a male cat or turkey."
ton,"A unit of weight equal to 2,000 pounds (0.907 metric ton or 907.18 kilograms). Also called net ton, short ton."
too,In addition; also:  He's coming along too. 
top,"The uppermost part, point, surface, or end."
tor,A high rock or pile of rocks on the top of a hill.
tot,A small child.
tow,To draw or pull behind by a chain or line:  a tugboat towing a barge.  See Synonyms at pull.
toy,An object for children to play with.
try,To make an effort to do or accomplish (something); attempt:  tried to ski. 
tsk,Used to express disappointment or sympathy.
tub,"An open, flat-bottomed vessel, usually round and typically wider than it is deep, used for washing, packing, or storing."
tug,To pull at vigorously or repeatedly.
tui,"A honeyeater (Prosthemadera novaeseelandiae) of New Zealand, having dark plumage with white feathers on the throat. Also called parson bird."
tum,shortened form of tummy
tun,"A large cask for liquids, especially wine."
tup,Chiefly British   A male sheep; a ram.
tut,Error finding definition.
tux,Informal   A tuxedo.
twa,Scots   Two.
two,The cardinal number equal to the sum of 1 + 1.
tye,a knot
udo,A perennial Japanese plant (Aralia cordata) having bipinnately compound leaves and young shoots that are cooked and eaten as a vegetable.
ugh,"Used to express horror, disgust, or repugnance."
uke,Informal   A ukulele.
ulu,A kind of semilunar knife used by Eskimo women.
umm,Interjection implying hesitation
ump,An umpire.
ums,No definition found.
uni,Error finding definition.
uns,No definition found.
upo,No definition found.
ups,Plural form of up.
urb,No definition found.
urd,"In Scand. myth., one of the three Fates, the Norn of the past."
urn,"A vase of varying size and shape, usually having a footed base or pedestal."
urp,Mississippi River Delta   To vomit.
use,To put into service or apply for a purpose; employ.
uta,No definition found.
ute,A small vehicle based on the same platform as a family car but with a unibody construction and a built-in open tray area for carrying goods; similar but not identical to a pick-up truck.
uts,No definition found.
vac,Informal   A vacuum cleaner.
van,An enclosed boxlike motor vehicle having rear or side doors and side panels especially for transporting people.
var,variable
vas,Anatomy   A vessel or duct.
vat,"A large vessel, such as a tub, cistern, or barrel, used to hold or store liquids."
vau,Variant of vav.
vav,The sixth letter of the Hebrew alphabet. See Table at alphabet.
vaw,Alternative form of vav.
vee,The letter v.
veg,Informal   To engage in relaxing or passive activities. Often used with out.
vet,A veterinarian.
vex,"To annoy, as with petty importunities; bother. See Synonyms at annoy."
via,By way of:  went to Pittsburgh via Philadelphia. 
vid,Eye dialect spelling of with.
vie,To strive for victory or superiority; contend. See Synonyms at rival.
vig,interest from a loan shark's loan.
vim,Ebullient vitality and energy. See Synonyms at vigor.
vin,No definition found.
vis,Force; power.
voe,"A narrow sea inlet, particularly in the Shetland Islands, similar to a fjord."
vog,Air pollution caused by substances (such as sulphur dioxide) emitted by a volcano.
vow,"An earnest promise to perform a specified act or behave in a certain manner, especially a solemn promise to live and act in accordance with the rules of a religious order:  take the vows of a nun. "
vox,A voice.
vug,"A small cavity in a rock or vein, often with a mineral lining of different composition from that of the surrounding rock."
vum,New England   Used to express surprise.
wab,No definition found.
wad,"A small mass of soft material, often folded or rolled, used for padding, stuffing, or packing."
wae,woe
wag,"To move briskly and repeatedly from side to side, to and fro, or up and down."
wan,"Unnaturally pale, as from physical or emotional distress."
wap,A blow or beating; a whap.
war,"A state of open, armed, often prolonged conflict carried on between nations, states, or parties."
was,First and third person singular past indicative of be.  See Regional Note at you-uns.
wat,A Buddhist temple in Thailand or Cambodia.
waw,Variant of vav.
wax,"Any of various natural, oily or greasy heat-sensitive substances, consisting of hydrocarbons or esters of fatty acids that are insoluble in water but soluble in nonpolar organic solvents."
way,"A road, path, or highway affording passage from one place to another."
web,"A woven fabric, especially one on a loom or just removed from it."
wed,To take as a spouse; marry.
wee,Very small; tiny. See Synonyms at small.
wen,"A harmless cyst, especially on the scalp or face, containing the fatty secretion of a sebaceous gland."
wet,"Covered or soaked with a liquid, such as water."
wha,Eye dialect spelling of what.
who,What or which person or persons:  Who left? 
why,"For what purpose, reason, or cause; with what intention, justification, or motive:  Why is the door shut? Why do birds sing? "
wig,"An artificial covering of human or synthetic hair worn on the head for personal adornment, as part of a costume, or to conceal baldness."
win,To achieve victory or finish first in a competition.
wis,"Certainly, surely"
wit,The natural ability to perceive and understand; intelligence.
wiz,Informal   A person considered exceptionally gifted or skilled.
woe,"Deep distress or misery, as from grief; wretchedness. See Synonyms at regret."
wog,"Chiefly British Offensive Slang   Used as a disparaging term for a person of color, especially a person from northern Africa or western or southern Asia."
wok,"A metal pan having a rounded bottom, used especially for frying and steaming in Asian cooking."
won,Archaic   To dwell or abide.
woo,To seek the affection of with intent to romance.
wop,Offensive Slang   Used as a disparaging term for a person of Italian birth or descent.
wos,Eye dialect spelling of was.
wot,First and third person singular present tense of wit2.
wow,"Used to express wonder, amazement, or great pleasure."
wry,"Dryly humorous, often with a touch of irony."
wud,Mad.
wuz,Eye dialect spelling of was.
wye,The letter y.
wyn,Alternative spelling of wynn.
xed,No definition found.
xis,Plural form of xi.
yag,No definition found.
yah,Yes.
yak,"A wild, shaggy-haired ox (Bos grunniens) of the mountains of central Asia."
yam,"Any of numerous chiefly tropical vines of the genus Dioscorea, many of which have edible tuberous roots."
yap,To bark sharply or shrilly; yelp.
yar,Sour; brackish.
yas,Eye dialect spelling of yes.
yaw,Nautical   To swerve off course momentarily or temporarily:  The ship yawed as the heavy wave struck abeam. 
yay,"Used as an exclamation of pleasure, approval, elation, or victory."
yea,Yes; aye.
yeh,yeah; yes.
yen,A strong desire or inclination; a yearning or craving.
yep,Informal   Yes.
yer,your
yes,"It is so; as you say or ask. Used to express affirmation, agreement, positive confirmation, or consent."
yet,At this time; for the present:  isn't ready yet. 
yew,"Any of several poisonous evergreen trees or shrubs of the genus Taxus, having scarlet cup-shaped arils and flat needles that are dark green above and yellowish below."
yez,No definition found.
yid,Offensive Slang   Used as a disparaging term for a Jew.
yin,"The passive, female cosmic principle in Chinese dualistic philosophy."
yip,"A sharp, high-pitched bark; a yelp."
yob,"Chiefly British Slang   A rowdy, aggressive, or violent young man."
yod,Alternative form of yodh.
yok,A non-Jew; a Gentile.
yom,Day; -- a Hebrew word used in the names of various Jewish feast days.
yon,Yonder.
you,"Used to refer to the one or ones being addressed:  I'll lend you the book. You shouldn't work so hard.  See Regional Notes at you-all, you-uns."
yow,"Used to express alarm, pain, or surprise."
yuk,An exuberant laugh.
yum,An expression used to indicate delight in regard to a certain food's flavor
yup,Informal   Yes.
zag,One of a series of sharp turns or reversals:  many zigs and zags in the mountain road; the zigs and zags of the stock market. 
zap,"To destroy or kill with a burst of gunfire, flame, or electric current."
zas,No definition found.
zax,"A tool similar to a hatchet, used for cutting and dressing roofing slates."
zed,Chiefly British   The letter z.
zee,The letter z.
zek,An inmate of a Soviet labor camp.
zep,Chiefly New Jersey   See submarine. See Regional Note at submarine.
zig,One of a series of sharp turns or reversals:  The zigs and zags of foreign policy. 
zin,Zinfandel wine
zip,A brief sharp hissing sound.
zit,Slang   A pimple.
zoa,A plural of zoon1.
zoo,A park or an institution in which living animals are kept and usually exhibited to the public. Also called zoological garden.
zuz,An ancient Hebrew silver coin.
zzz,Implies that a particular character is asleep.
